Gene_name	Comment	Keyword
AAAS	Mainly localized to the nuclear membrane. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ABCA13	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ABCG1	Several of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining often combined with membranous positivity. Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in Purkinje cells and seminiferous duct cells. Cilia in for example fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were distinctly stained. Pancreas, urothelium, cells in CNS, lymphoid tissues and prostate were generally negative.	Cilia
ABHD5	Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes displayed strong positivity. Renal tubules, pancreatic ducts and sebaceous glands in skin showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Gastrointestinal tract and adrenal cortex displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ABL1	Normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining. Intestinal tract, myocytes and exocrine pancreas were strongly stained. Cilia of fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Bile duct cells, islet cells and most cells in CNS were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
AC008695.1	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AC092143.1	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
AC134669.1	Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube displayed strong positivity. Exocrine pancreas, fraction of cells in seminiferus ducts, endothelial cells and peripheral nerves displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
AC134980.5	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AC135068.3	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AC171558.1	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AC240274.1	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
ACAA1	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity, often with a granular pattern. Strong immunoreactivity was observed in hepatocytes and exocrine pancreas as well as in cilia of fallopian tube and airway epithelia. Squamous epithelia and lymphoid tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
ACADM	Normal tissues generally displayed strong cytoplasmic staining with a granular pattern. Ciliated cells displayed additional positivity of luminal membranes. Squamous epithelia and cells of the CNS were weaker stained.	Cilia
ACADS	centrosome	Centrosome
ACKR2	Cytoplasmic expression mainly in placenta and ciliated cells.,Surface epithelial cells in respiratory tract, ciliated cells in fallopian tubes, subset of cells in seminiferous ducts and trophoblastic cells in placenta showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
ACTA2	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in smooth muscle and stomach. Distinct staining of luminal membranes and cilium was observed in epididymis, the intesteine, renal tubules, exocrine pancreas and trophoblastic cells. Lymphoid cells in reaction centra showed mocerate to strong cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilium
ACTR8	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ADAMTS13	Cilia of bronchus and fallopian tube displayed moderate staining. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity, in a several cases accompanied by nuclear stained, was observed in gastrointestinal tract, hepatocytes, gall bladder, kidney, placental trophoblasts and heart muscle. Leydig cells were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ADAMTS5	A majority of the normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Ciliated cells e.g. respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube exhibited strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity while cardiac myocytes displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Lung, liver, islet cells, Leydig cells, glial cells, transitional and squamous epithelium was weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ADAMTSL3	A majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and luminal membrane in small intestine were distinctly stained. Fraction of endometrial glands, Purkinje cells and renal glomeruli displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. The lung, liver, pancreas, neuronal cells, and spleen were negative.	Cilia
ADCK2	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ADCY1	Most normal tissues showed moderate nuclear positivity occasionally combined with cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells e.g. in epididymis and fallopian tube, showed additional membranous staining. Respiratory epithelium, gall bladder, urothelium, trophoblastic cells and prostate glands expressed strong positivity.	Cilia
ADCY10	Cytoplasmic and membranous expression in selected tissues, expression in cilia.	Cilia
ADCY5	Most normal cells displayed weak cytoplasmic staining or were negative. The urinary bladder showed strong membranous staining while cilia were strongly stained in fallopian tube and airway epithelia. Seminal vesicle and placenta displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining.	Cilia
ADGB	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelium.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and uterus distinctly stained. Cells in glomeruli showed strong membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues along with stroma were negative.	Cilia
ADGRB2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ADPGK	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AFG1L	A majority of normal cells displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional nuclear staining in a few cases. The gall bladder, ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Appendix, endometrium, cervix, prostate and spleen were negative.	Cilia
AFG3L2	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia of respiratory epithelium and in fallopian tube were distinctly stained.	Cilia
AGBL4	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues including CNS, cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells and the parathyroid gland displayed strong membranous and cytoplasmic staining while neuronal cells showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. The liver, squamous epithelia and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
AGPAT2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AGR2	Strong cytoplasmic staining was found in ciliated cells, urothelium and most glandular cells e.g. the gastrointestinal tract, male and female genitalia. Remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
AHI1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AK6	Mainly localized to the nuclear speckles. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AK7	Distinct expression in ciliated cells, accompanied with cytoplasmic expression in several tissues.,Cilia in respiratory tract and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Most remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
AK8	Expression in cilia in epithelial cells and flagella in sperm.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelial cells and endometrium. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Strong cilia positivity was observed in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelial cells and glandular cells of endometrium. Additional positivity was observed in spermatids and Langerhans cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.<br>Expression in cilia in epithelial cells and flagella in sperm.<br>Expression in cilia in epithelial cells and flagella in sperm.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelial cells and endometrium. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Strong cilia positivity was observed in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelial cells and glandular cells of endometrium. Additional positivity was observed in spermatids and Langerhans cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.<br>Expression in cilia in epithelial cells and flagella in sperm.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
AK9	Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in lymphoid cells, epididymis, cilia of respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube. The intestine, adrenal cortex, renal tubules, decidual cells, smooth muscle cells and neuronal cells of CNS displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Most normal tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Alveolar macrophages, salivary gland, liver, adipocytes, hematopoietic cells, heart myocytes, germinal and non germinal center cells were generally negative.	Cilia
AKAP14	Ciliary expression in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium, and cytoplasmic and membranous expression in spermatids in testis.	Cilia
AKAP9	Mainly localized to the Golgi apparatus. In addition localized to the centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AKNA	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ALDH3B1	Expression in several tissues, including ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube.,Most of the normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Cilia in the respiratory tract and fallopian tubes were strongly stained. Cells in CNS and seminiferous ducts showed nuclear staining. Strong luminal membranous staining was observed in renal tubules. Several tissues showed distinct staining of basal membrane. Squamous epithelia and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
ALDH8A1	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ALMS1	Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ALPK1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ALPPL2	Trophoblastic cells showed strong cytoplasmic positivity while cells in the intestine displayed strong luminal staining. Fallopian tubes displayed moderate staining in ciliated cells. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
AMMECR1	Glandular cells in stomach, hepatocytes, renal tubules, Purkinje cells and smooth muscle cells showed strong cytoplasmic positivity with occasional nuclear staining. Cilia in fallopian tubes showed strong immunoreactivity. Molecular layer in cerebellum, exocrine pancreas, bile ducts, thyroid, adrenal glands, small intestine and Leydig cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
AMN1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AMOTL2	centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ANK1	Red blood cells and subsets of cells in bone marrow showed strong immunoreactivity. The intestine, salivary gland, exocrine pancreas, seminiferus duct cells, seminal vesicle, ciliated cells and skeletal muscle showed moderate membranous staining. Membranes of purkinje cells showed moderate poitivity. Remaining normal cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ANKFY1	Gastric parietal cells, parts of the intestine, renal tubules and ciliated cells showed strong staining in luminal membranes while squamous epithelium in esophagus and placental syncytiotrophoblasts showed moderate membranous immunoreactivity. Virtually no staining in remaining tissues.	Cilia
ANKRD13B	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in hepatocytes, cervical glands ciliated cells in uterus and respiratory epithelia. Adrenal gland, neuronal cells, epididymis, subset of cells in seminiferous ducts and urothelium showed moderate nuclear staining. Gastrointestinal tract, exocrine pancreas, epidermal cells, keratinocytes, skeletal and cardiac myocytes showed moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear staining with occasional membranous immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ANKRD35	Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells and a subset of endometrial glands. Superficial layers in squamous epithelia showed strong to moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ANKRD42	High expression mainly in ciliated cells.,Ciliated cells displayed strong immunoreactivity i cilia while the prostate showed distinct membranous and cytoplasmic positivity. Hepatocytes, adrenal cortex and fraction of neuronal cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ANKRD45	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, uterus and respiratory epithelium. Cytoplasmic expression in testis.,Gastrointestinal tract, testis, epididymis and placenta showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in bronchus displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate to strong positivity. Stomach and gall bladder displayed moderate membranous and cytoplasmic staining. Cells in seminiferous ducts displayed weak cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, uterus and respiratory epithelium. Cytoplasmic expression in testis.,Gastrointestinal tract, testis, epididymis and placenta showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in bronchus displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate to strong positivity. Stomach and gall bladder displayed moderate membranous and cytoplasmic staining. Cells in seminiferous ducts displayed weak cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
ANKRD65	Selective expression in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and bronchus.,Ciliated cells of fallopian tube and bronchus were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ANKRD7	centrosome	Centrosome
ANO2	Moderate staining was observed in nerve fibers in outer plexiform layer of retina. Moderate membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ANO3	A majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity while megakaryocytes and smooth muscle only showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Neuropil and a subset of neuronal cells showed distinct positivity. Liver, prostate, lymphoid tissue and glial cells were generally negative.	Cilia
ANP32A	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ANP32B	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ANP32D	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ANP32E	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ANXA1	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity, in a few cases combined with membranous staining, was observed in salivary glands, lung, female genitalia, prostate, squamous and respiratory epithelia along with subsets of cells in lymphoid tissues. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.,Strong cytoplasmic staining often combined with nuclear and membranous positivity was observed in bone marrow, bladder, placenta, ciliated cells, prostate, female genitalia and squamous epithelia. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
ANXA13	Moderate cytoplasmic and/or membranous positivity was observed in gastrointestinal glands, bronchus, bile ducts, renal tubules, ganglion cells, alveolar macrophages and seminal vesicle. Small intestine, duodenum and ciliated cells of fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Gallbladder, bile duct cells, duodenum, exocrine pancreatic ducts and intestine showed strong membranous and cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes showed strong membrane staining. Renal tubules, seminal vesicles, lung macrophages, skeletal and smooth muscle cells displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ANXA4	The majority of normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity along with membranous staining. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Most cells in CNS, lymphoid tissues, testis and heart muscle were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ANXA6	Moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was observed in lymphoid cells outside reaction centra, testis, trophoblastic cells and cilia in epididymis. Remaining normal tissues were generally weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
AP5M1	Lymphoid cells and subsets of cells in bone marrow displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Adrenal gland, gall bladder and prostate were moderately stained. Epididymis showed positivity in cilia. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
APEX1	centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
APOL6	centrosome	Centrosome
APPL1	Localized to the centrosome & mitotic spindle.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ARHGAP26	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity, with additional membranous/nuclear staining in few cases. Purkinje cells, chondrocytes along with ciliated cells of bronchus and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Bone marrow, liver, glial cells and skeletal myocytes were negative.	Cilia
ARHGAP29	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ARHGAP40	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ARHGEF38	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous positivity was observed in most of the normal tissues. Pancreatic islets, lung macrophages, breast and myocytes as well as basal cells in prostate, squamous and respiratory epithelium and showed strong staining. Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. The liver, alveolar cells, trophoblastic cells, glial cells and spleen were negative.<br>Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous positivity was observed in most of the normal tissues. Pancreatic islets, lung macrophages, breast and myocytes as well as basal cells in prostate, squamous and respiratory epithelium and showed strong staining. Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. The liver, alveolar cells, trophoblastic cells, glial cells and spleen were negative.<br>Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
ARHGEF40	Hepatocytes and renal tubules showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity with a granular pattern. Subsets of glial cells, gall bladder, Leydig cells and prostate gland were moderately stained. Cilia in fallopian tube showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ARHGEF5	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cells in CNS, lymphoid tissues and bile ducts were weakly stained or negative. Cilia in fallopian tube showed distinct positivity.	Cilia
ARL13B	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Ganglion cells, adrenal gland, placenta, cells in seminiferus ducts of testis, Leydig cells, endometrial gland and hematopoietic cells were strongly stained.	Cilia
ARL15	Most ciliated cells showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. The gastrointestinal tract and thyroid gland exhibited moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ARL3	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ARL6	Mainly cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, including cilia positivity.	Cilia
ARL6IP6	centrosome	Centrosome
ARMC2	Moderate dot-like immunoreactivity was observed in the cytoplasm in a subset of cells in seminiferous ducts of testis. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia displayed weak to moderate positivity. Most remaining tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
ARMC3	High expression in cilia of fallopian tube and airway epithelia.,Moderate to strong membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and airway epithelia. Weak cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in few normal tissues including testis.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was displayed in testis and adrenal gland.	Cilia
ARMC4	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube as well as the luminal membrane in small intestinal glands were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ARMCX1	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was observed in exocrine pancreas, adrenal cortex and Purkinje cells. Cilia in the respiratory tract and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Liver, cells in CNS and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
ASAP1	Localized to the plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ATG5	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AUNIP	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AURKA	Localized to the nucleoplasm, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AURKC	Renal tubules and hepatocytes showed strong cytoplasmic staining while the parathyroid displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. The gastrointestinal tract, seminiferus duct cells and cardiac myocytes exhibited moderate positivity. Pancreatic islet cells and ciliated cells showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
AVEN	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & actin filaments. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
AXDND1	Selective expression in seminiferous ducts of testis and in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Moderate staining of most ciliated cells. Additional moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in thyroid gland and subset of cells in testis. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
B9D2	Cytoplasmic expression at variable levels in several cell types. Also expressed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube.,Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed distinct staining. Goblet cells in gastrointestinal tract, neuronal cells of CNS, tubular cells of kidney, exocrine pancreas and subset of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional nuclear positivity. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
BASP1	Cells of CNS except Purkinje cells, cilia in respiratory epithelium, lymphoid tissues, male genital, fibroblasts, uterus and placenta showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
BBOF1	Expression in several tissues, including testis and ciliary rootlets in fallopian tube.	Cilia
BBS10	Ciliary expression in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells.,Ciliated cells of endometrium, respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
BBS2	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells in several tissues.,Ciliated cells showed distinct cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Gastric chief cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
BBS7	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues. Membranous expression in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Subsets of immune cells and a fraction of cells in pancreas displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Subsets of trophoblasts, cells in gastric mucosa and skeletal muscle displayed moderate positivity. Moderate membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
BCAR3	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
BCAS2	Localized to the nuclear speckles & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
BCL3	Cells of placenta, glandular epithelia of the gastrointestinal tract and basal layers of squamous epithelia showed moderate to strong nuclear staining. Cilia of bronchus and epididymis were distinctly positive. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
BEAN1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
BHLHA15	Squamous epithelia displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Thyroid and urothelia were moderately stained. Exocrine pancreas, subsets of non-germinal center cells and salivary gland showed strong nuclear staining. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube along with renal tubules exhibited moderate to strong membrane immunoreactivity. Remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
BHLHE22	Subset of cells in CNS, seminiferous ducts and ovarian follicle cells showed moderate to strong nuclear staining in subset of cells. Additional strong cilia staining was observed in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Skin shows cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
BIRC7	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
BORCS6	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
BRMS1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
BTG3	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, including ciliated cells in fallopian tube.	Cilia
BUD31	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome & microtubules.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C10orf67	Moderate cytoplasmic and/or membranous positivity was displayed in gastrointestinal glands, gallbladder, nasopharynx, renal tubules and cilia in fallopian tube. Cells of seminiferus ducts of testis showed moderate nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
C11orf1	Monocyte derived cells for example kupffer cells and microglia showed distinct positivity. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes showed moderate staining. Renal glomeruli displayed moderate membranous positivity. Remaining normal cells were mainly negative.	Cilia
C11orf70	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and cytoplasmic expression in seminiferous ducts.,Ciliated cells in fallopian tube and bronchus showed moderate membranous positivity, while subsets of hematopoietic cells and lymphocytes displayed cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and cytoplasmic expression in seminiferous ducts.,Ciliated cells in fallopian tube and bronchus showed moderate membranous positivity, while subsets of hematopoietic cells and lymphocytes displayed cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
C11orf80	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C12orf73	Mainly localized to the mitochondria & centrosome. In addition localized to the plasma membrane.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C12orf75	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Leydig cells, thyroid, adipocytes and renal tubules showed strong positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Pneumocytes, hepatocytes, cells in glomeruli, placenta, cells in white pulp and the lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
C15orf65	Most of the normal tissue displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining additional membranous positivity was exhibited by cardiomyocytes and uterine glands. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Exocrine pancreas and ovarian follicles were strongly stained. Lymphoid and skin  tissues were negative.	Cilia
C16orf74	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C16orf89	Strong extracellular staining was observed in thyroid gland. Distinct cilia positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium. Epididymis displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
C17orf97	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, most abundant in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and seminiferous ducts of testis.	Cilia
C1orf194	Distinct expression in sperm and in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong staining. A subset of cells in exocrine pancreas and seminal vesicle displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. A subset of urothelial cells exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
C1orf87	Selective expression in cilia of fallopian tube and airway epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes displayed strong staining. A subset of glands in prostate showed granular cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Strong staining was observed in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and endometrium. Subsets of cells in esophagus, exocrine pancreas, renal tubules and seminiferous ducts showed distinct cytoplasmic positivity. Normal tissues in general were negative.	Cilia
C1QTNF2	Localized to the Golgi apparatus & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C20orf85	Selective expression in cilia.,Distinct expression was observed in cilia. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained, in rare cases with additional nucleolar positivity. ,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia was moderately stained. Skeletal myocytes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity.  Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
C21orf33	Mainly localized to the mitochondria. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C2CD4C	Gall bladder, cardiac myocytes, stomach and a subset of renal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. A subset of cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate to strong positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
C2orf50	Cilia of bronchus shows moderate positivity while in fallopian tube displayed  strong positivity. Other normal tissues were negative.<br>Selective expression in cilium.<br>Cilia of bronchus shows moderate positivity while in fallopian tube displayed  strong positivity. Other normal tissues were negative.<br>Selective expression in cilium.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Cilium<br>Cilium
C2orf74	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C2orf81	Cytoplasmic and membranous expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube.,Moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and endometrium. Most other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
C3orf30	Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in spermatids in testis. Additional positivity was displayed in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and bronchus.	Cilia
C3orf80	Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia showed distinct staining. Purkinje cells, chondrocytes, fibroblasts and decidua exhibited weak cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
C4orf17	Cilia in the fallopian tubes and bronchus were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
C4orf46	Renal tubules showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Subset of lymphoid cells exhibited moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining. Heart muscle were moderately stained while strong staining was observed in stereocilia of epididymis. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
C4orf47	Expression in spermatid flagella and cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Strong positivity was observed in spermatozoa and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Remaining tissues were mainly negative.<br>Expression in spermatid flagella and cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory tract.<br>Expression in spermatid flagella and cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Strong positivity was observed in spermatozoa and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Remaining tissues were mainly negative.<br>Expression in spermatid flagella and cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory tract.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
C5AR2	Neuropil, purkinje cells and subsets of cells situated in the deep parts of the intestinal glands showed strong staining. Ciliated cells displayed membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
C5orf24	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic, membranous and/or nuclear positivity. Cilia in bronchus and nuclei in adrenal glands exhibited strong immunoreactivity. Liver, ovary, cells in CNS, lymphoid tissues and soft tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
C5orf49	Expression in cilia and and spermatid flagella.,Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells in bronchus, endometrium and fallopian tube. Additional cytoplasmic staining was displayed in spermatids in testis, renal tubules and glandular cells in gastrointestinal tract and parathyroid gland.<br>Expression in cilia and and spermatid flagella.<br>Expression in cilia and and spermatid flagella.,Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells in bronchus, endometrium and fallopian tube. Additional cytoplasmic staining was displayed in spermatids in testis, renal tubules and glandular cells in gastrointestinal tract and parathyroid gland.<br>Expression in cilia and and spermatid flagella.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
C6orf106	Mainly localized to the nuclear speckles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
C6orf132	The gastrointestinal tract, gallbladder, adrenal gland, squamous epithelia, renal tubules, ciliated cells, Leydig cells, fraction of endometrial glands and cells in seminiferus ducts showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity often combined with membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
C6orf136	Most normal cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Fraction of neuronal cells were strongly stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Spleen, tonsil and smooth muscle cells were negative.	Cilia
C7orf57	Distinct luminal expression of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Strong staining of cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory tract and a subset of endometrial glandular cells. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
C9orf116	Expression in cilia. Also expressed in other cell types.,Strong staining was observed in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and endometrial glands and in luminal membrane of placental trophoblast cells. Weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in several other tissue, including testis, liver and intestines.,Strong cilia positivity was observed in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelium. Cytoplasmic staining of varying intensity was observed in several other tissues including intestines, liver and ovaries.	Cilia
C9orf40	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CABCOCO1	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and subset of ciliated cells in endometrium. Also expressed in sperm.,Strong positivity was displayed in cilia of respiratory epithelial cells, fallopian tube and endometrium. All remaining cells were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and subset of ciliated cells in endometrium. Also expressed in sperm.,Strong positivity was displayed in cilia of respiratory epithelial cells, fallopian tube and endometrium. All remaining cells were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
CACNA1G	Strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in muscle cells, adipose tissue and in stroma. Cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were strongly positive. Most other normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
CAMK2N2	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CAMSAP3	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CAPRIN2	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CAPS	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium.	Cilia
CAPS2	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & nucleoli.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CAPSL	Selective expression in cilia.,Moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was exhibited in cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube.Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in Purkinje cells and neuronal cells. Small intestine, cells in molecular layer of cerebellum and heart myocytes and were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.,Ciliated cells showed distinct positivity in cytoplasm and membranes. Moderate nuclear positivity was observed in trophoblasts, urothelium and a subset of cells in seminiferus ducts. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
CASC1	Moderate staining in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Weak to moderate staining was also seen in testis, thyroid gland axonal projections in CNS. Other tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
CASP2	Most normal tissues demonstrated weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong immunoreactivity was observed in renal distal tubules, parathyroid gland and parts of the gastrointestinal tract. Cilia in airway epithelium and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Nuclear positivity was observed in CNS tissue.	Cilia
CATIP	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong positivity. Adrenal glands showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
CC2D2A	Expression in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Trophoblastic cells showed strong nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells displayed distinct staining localized to the basal part of the cilia. Thyroid gland, gall bladder, pneumocytes, adrenal cortical cells and hematopoietic cells displayed moderate nuclear or cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CCDC13	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining and in rare cases additional membranous positivity. Duodenum, gall bladder and cilia in fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Pneumocytes, liver, islets of Langerhans, glomeruli, prostate, smooth muscle cells, CNS and lymphoid tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining and in rare cases additional membranous positivity. Duodenum, gall bladder and cilia in fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Pneumocytes, liver, islets of Langerhans, glomeruli, prostate, smooth muscle cells, CNS and lymphoid tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
CCDC14	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,Centrosome,Centrosome	Centrosome
CCDC142	Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong staining. Megakaryocytes, subsets of renal tubules, cells in seminiferus ducts and skeletal muscle were moderate to strongly stained. A few Purkinje cells showed moderate cytoplasmic and nucleolar staining. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
CCDC151	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Strong positivity in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and subsets of glandular cells in endometrium. Essentially all other tissues were negative.	Cilia
CCDC17	Cytoplasmic and membranous expression in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Ciliated cells of airway epithelia and cells of breast, salivary gland, prostate, renal tubules and urinary bladder showed distinct cytoplasmic or membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
CCDC170	Distinct expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands.,Strong staining was observed in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia. Seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CCDC173	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and cytoplasmic expression in subset of cells in seminiferous ducts.,Lower stomach, parathyroid and adrenal gland, renal tubules, Leydig cells and Purkinje cells showed moderate granular cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative or weakly stained.,Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Distinct positivity was observed in cilia. Pneumocytes, bile ducts, uterus, breast, neuronal cells, spleen and soft tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
CCDC181	Highly selective expression in cilia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and epididymis showed strong immunoreactivity. Distinct staining was also observed in membranous structures of glandular cells in cervix and endometrium. Intestinal paneth cells showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal cells were generally negative.,Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells i.e. airway epithelia, epididymis and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Ciliated epithelia e.g. in airways and fallopian tube showed strong membranous staining. The remaining normal cells were generally negative.,Ciliated cells in bronchus, nasopharynx, fallopian tube and epididymis showed strong membranous positivity, while a subset of neuronal cells in cerebral cortex exhibited strong nuclear immunoreactivity. Moderate nuclear positivity was observed in gall bladder, placenta and subsets of cells in seminiferus ducts. Remaining normal and cells were mainly negative.	Cilia
CCDC189	Cytoplasmic expression in several different cell types. High expression in cilia.,Duodenum displayed strong membranous staining. Respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed distinct positivity in cilia. Moderate membranous staining was observed in small intestine, epididymis, adrenocortical cells and islets of Langerhans whereas moderate cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in urothelium, renal tubules and Leydig cells. Plasma distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium of bronchus displayed strong positivity in cilia. Thyroid, trophoblastic cells and exocrine pancreas exhibited moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining. Liver, parathyroid, non-germinal center cells and the CNS tissues except Purkinje cells were negative.	Cilia
CCDC39	Expression in cilia and flagella.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium of bronchus and fallopian tube showed moderate staining. Stomach, lower displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium of bronchus and fallopian tube showed strong staining while of nasopharynx displayed moderate positivity. A subset cells in seminiferus ducts displayed strong positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia and flagella.<br>Expression in cilia and flagella.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium of bronchus and fallopian tube showed moderate staining. Stomach, lower displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium of bronchus and fallopian tube showed strong staining while of nasopharynx displayed moderate positivity. A subset cells in seminiferus ducts displayed strong positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia and flagella.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
CCDC40	Expressed mainly in cilia.,Moderate positivity was observed in ciliated cells, in e.g. bronchus, nasopharynx, endometrium and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CCDC51	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & mitochondria. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CCDC85C	Adrenal gland, subset of cells in rectum and squamous cells in uterine cervix showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Renal tubules were moderately stained. Few cells in bronchus showed strong positivity in cilia. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CCDC88B	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CCDC92	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CCDC96	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells and cells of seminiferous ducts.,Cilia of respiratory epithelia, uterus and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong positivity. A subset of cells in renal tubules displayed moderate membranous staining while a subset of trophoblast cells, cells in seminiferus ducts and small intestine showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Leydig cells exhibited strong membranous and cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CCNF	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CCP110	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CD163L1	Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CD164L2	Subset of cells in salivary gland and seminal vesicle showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed weak positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CD33	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract were distinctly stained. Strong positivity was observed in bone marrow, neuronal cells, cells in seminiferous ducts, trophoblasic cells and endocervical glands.	Cilia
CD3D	Subsets of cells in lymphoid tissues displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Distinctly staining was observed in the cilia of airway epithelium and fallopian tube while most other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CD47	Prostate, trophoblastic cells , gallbladder, urothelium and skeletal muscle showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Fallopian tube showed distinct staining of cilia. The remaining normal tissues showed weak staining or were negative.	Cilia
CD80	Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and few cells in endometrial glands showed distinct positivity. Lymphoid tissues, neuronal cells, epididymis, Leydig cells and adrenal glands displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CD99L2	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, distinct membranous expression in ciliated cells.	Cilia
CDC42EP5	Glandular cells in stomach, small intestine, most endothelial cells, subsets of renal tubules and subsets of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Gastric glands showed additional membranous staining. Cilia in fallopian tubes were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CDC42SE1	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in subsets of immune cells in lymphoid and peripheral tissues. Moderate staining was displayed in cardiac muscle, parathyroid gland and in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CDC45	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CDC5L	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong nuclear staining. Strong staining of cilia was observed in fallopian tube and airway epithelia.	Cilia
CDHR3	Strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity in respiratory epithelia and in the salivary gland. Moderate positivity of cilia in fallopian tube and uterus. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
CDHR4	Expressed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, uterine and respiratory tract. Also expressed in spermatids.	Cilia
CDIP1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CDK2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CDK5RAP2	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cell junctions.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CDKL2	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CDNF	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Hepatocytes, skeletal muscle, ciliated cells and most endocrine glands exhibited strong positivity. Pneumocytes, parathyroid, renal glomeruli, most of the mesenchymal cells, hematopoietic cells and spleen were negative.	Cilia
CDR1	Localized to the nucleoplasm, the Golgi apparatus & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CENPJ	Localized to the nucleoplasm, plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP131	Membranous expression in several tissues, including expression in ciliary rootlets.	Cilia
CEP152	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP164	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP170	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol & mitotic spindle.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP170B	Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP19	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP192	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP250	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP290	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP350	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP70	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP72	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP85	centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP95	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome, mitotic spindle & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CEP97	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues, including ciliated glandular cells.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube, cells in  lymphoid tissues, seminiferous duct cells in testis, epididymis showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Islets in pancreas and endocrine glands displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Neuronal cells in CNS shows nuclear membrane staining. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CETN3	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CFAP100	Cytoplasmic expression mainly in ciliated cells of fallopian tube.,A subset of renal tubules showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Cilia in fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Thyroid displayed moderate membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CFAP126	Distinct expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Rectum displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining while Leydig cells exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CFAP157	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory tract and endometrium.,Cilia in fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and secreted immunoreactivity in subsets of glandular cells in gastrointestinal tract, respiratory tract and female genitalia. Extracellular matrix was generally distinctly stained. Most remaining cells were negative.,Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium were distinctly stained. Subset of cells in squamous epithelia showed weak to moderate membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.	Cilia
CFAP161	Cones and nerve fibers in retina showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in several tissues, in e.g. gastrointestinal tract, heart muscle, breast, placenta. Additional positivity was observed in spermatids, cilia in bronchus and fallopian tube. Lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
CFAP45	Selective expression in cilia.,Intestinal tract, a fraction of neuronal cells, glandular cells in breast, urothelial cells, placental trophoblasts, chondrocytes, epididymis and uterine glands displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes displayed strong immunoreactivity. Hepatocytes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Red blood cells were stained. Other normal tissues including stromal cells were mainly negative.	Cilia
CFAP52	Selective cilia expression.,Cilia distinctly stained in fallopian tube, respiratory tract and endometrium. Adrenal glands showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CFAP53	Cytoplasmic and cilia expression in seminiferous ducts and ciliated cells.,Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a subset of cells in seminiferous ducts. Additional strong positivity was displayed in ciliated cells in endometrium, bronchus and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CFAP54	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia as well as subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts.,Moderate membranous staining was observed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Spermatogonia, subsets of lymphocytes in tonsils and cells in renal tubules showed cytoplasmic positivity. Other tissues were mainly weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CFAP57	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube and in spermatids.,Cilia in bronchial epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Neuronal cells in CNS and testis displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CFAP58	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Strong positivity was observed in a subset of bone marrow poietic and inflammatory cells. Rectum showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia was weakly stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
CFAP61	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Additional cytoplasmic expression in a few tissues.	Cilia
CFAP70	Distinct expression in sperm flagella and in cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory tract.,Strong cilia positivity was observed in bronchus, endometrium and fallopian tube. A subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Most remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Strong positivity was observed in flagella in sperm and cilia in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.<br>Distinct expression in sperm flagella and in cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory tract.,Strong positivity was observed in flagella in sperm and cilia in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.<br>Distinct expression in sperm flagella and in cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory tract.,Strong cilia positivity was observed in bronchus, endometrium and fallopian tube. A subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Most remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Strong positivity was observed in flagella in sperm and cilia in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.<br>Distinct expression in sperm flagella and in cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory tract.,Strong positivity was observed in flagella in sperm and cilia in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
CFAP73	Distinct expression in cilia of fallopian glandular cells and respiratory epithelia.	Cilia
CFAP74	Expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Additional expression in testis.,Dot like positivity was observed in a subset of cells in testis. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium showed weak to moderate staining.  Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a fraction of cells in testis and ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium. Moderate staining was displayed in a few squamous and glandular epithelia. Remaining tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
CFAP77	Expression in mainly in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in hematopoietic cells and in a subset of lymphoid cells in tonsil and spleen. Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes exhibited distinct membranous immunoreactivity while gastric parietal cells showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. The remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong immunoreactivity. Strong nuclear positivity was observed in spermatozoa. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
CGGBP1	Most normal cells showed moderate nuclear staining and several tissues including ciliated cells showed additional cytoplasmic positivity. Non-germinal center cells were strongly stained. Glial cells were generally negative.	Cilia
CHADL	Normal tissues exhibited moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells, e.g. airway epithelium, stained distinctly in luminal membranes in addition to cytoplasmic positivity. Neurons in the CNS displayed distinct staining of nuclear membranes and cytoplasm.	Cilia
CHPF	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CHRNA3	Strong membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and cervical glands. Liver, skin, breast, prostate, cells in CNS and lymphoid tissues were negative. The remaining normal tissues displayed weak to moderate membranous and cytoplasmic immunoreactivity.	Cilia
CHRNB1	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Distinct staining of neurons in cns, ciliated border in nasopharynx and fallopian tube.	Cilia
CHST15	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CKAP5	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CLEC11A	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CLEC16A	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic often granular positivity. Strong positivity was observed in salivary gland ducts, adrenal cortex, renal tubules, Leydig cells, ciliated cells of respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube. Glial cells, lymphoid tissues, smooth and skeletal muscle were negative.	Cilia
CLHC1	Localized to the nucleoli fibrillar center & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CMTM4	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous positivity. The gastric mucosa and cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed strong positivity.	Cilia
CMYA5	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in skeletal, smooth and heart muscle and squamous epithelial cells. Additional cilia staining was displayed in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Most remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
CNOT10	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CNTLN	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CNTN2	Ciliated cells showed distinct staining of luminal membranes. Myocytes, blood vessels and fibroblasts displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CNTRL	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CNTROB	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CPA4	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CPE	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CPNE6	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a subset of cells and neuropil in CNS and glandular cells in the gastrointestinal tract and epididymis. A few endometrial glandular cells and respiratory epithelial cells displayed strong cilia staining. A majority of remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CPT1C	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CRIP1	Mainly localized to the nuclear speckles & cytosol. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CRIPT	Strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in subsets of glial cells, cells in endometrial glands and ciliated cells. Superficial gastric glands showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Hepatocytes and subset of seminiferous duct cells showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CRMP1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CROCC	Selective expression in ciliary rootlets of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Strong membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of epididymis, airway epithelia and the fallopian tube. Remaining normal cells were negative or weakly stained.,Most normal tissues were negative. Weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in Leydig cells of testis and in luminal membranes of ciliated cells.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Selective expression in ciliary rootlets of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Strong membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of epididymis, airway epithelia and the fallopian tube. Remaining normal cells were negative or weakly stained.,Most normal tissues were negative. Weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in Leydig cells of testis and in luminal membranes of ciliated cells.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
CROCC2	Expression in ciliary rootlets.	Cilia
CSNK1G2	The gastrointestinal tract, gall bladder and pancreatic intercalated ducts showed strong cytoplasmic staining while ciliated cells displayed strong immunoreactivity in the luminal membrane. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
CST11	Expression in cilia of epididymis.	Cilia
CTNNBL1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CTSC	centrosome	Centrosome
CUEDC1	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CX3CL1	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Strong staining was observed in microvilli and cilia. A subset of lymphoid cells and gastric parietal cells showed strong cytoplasmic staining.	Cilia
CXorf56	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CYB5D1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Adrenal gland and distal renal tubules displayed strong cytoplasmic staining while the fallopian tube showed strong staining in cilia. Glial cells, liver and reaction center cells of lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
CYB5D2	Mainly localized to the nuclear membrane. In addition localized to the nucleoli & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
CYP2E1	Strong cytoplasmic staining was found in hepatocytes, ciliated cells of respiratory tract and fallopian tube. Immunoreactivity was also found in most gastro intestinal tract. Most other cells were negative or weakly stained.	Cilia
CYP4B1	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues, including ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory tact.,Ciliated cells of the respiratory tract and fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Distinct staining was also found in megakaryocytes of bone marrow. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
CYSTM1	Stomach showed strong membranous and cytoplasmic staining. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
DAPK1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DAW1	Ciliary expression in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.	Cilia
DCAF12L1	Expression mainly in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and cells in seminiferous ducts, mainly in late spermatids.	Cilia
DCAF12L2	Expression in several tissues, including ciliated cells of fallopian tube and cells in seminiferous ducts, mainly in late spermatids.	Cilia
DCAF13	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & nucleoli. In addition localized to the cytosol, centrosome & cell junctions.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DCAF8L1	Expression in cilia in seminiferous ducts, fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,A subset of cells in respiratory epithelial showed moderate membranous staining. Cilia in fallopian tube displayed strong positivity. A subset of cells in renal tubules, salivary gland, rectum and cells in seminiferus ducts showed weak cytoplasmic positivity while decidual cells showed weak nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DCDC2	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues, most abundant in cells in renal tubules and cilia in fallopian tube.	Cilia
DCTN2	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DCTN4	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DDX11	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the nucleoli fibrillar center & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DEFB107A	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a fraction of cells in intestinal tract. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Seminiferus ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Germinal center cells, hematopoietic cells and cells in basal layer of squamous epithelia exhibited moderate nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DEFB107B	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a fraction of cells in intestinal tract. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Seminiferus ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Germinal center cells, hematopoietic cells and cells in basal layer of squamous epithelia exhibited moderate nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DEFB129	Expression in stereocilia in epididymis.,Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in endocrine cells in gastrointestinal tract, pancreatic islets and adrenal gland. Additional strong  positivity was observed in stereocilia in epididymis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DENND1C	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DHRS1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DHX35	Mainly localized to the nuclear bodies. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DIS3L	Most of the normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. the adrenal gland was strongly stained. Ciliated cells showed distinct membranous staining. Glial cells and muscle were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Most of the normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. the adrenal gland was strongly stained. Ciliated cells showed distinct membranous staining. Glial cells and muscle were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
DLEC1	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells.,Strong cytoplasmic staining in subsets of cells in basal layers of ductus seminiferous in testis, cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining in a few other tissues.	Cilia
DMBX1	Most normal tissues displayed moderate membranous staining with cases of cytoplasmic positivity. Strong immunoreactivity was observed in airway epithelia, salivary gland, cilia in fallopian tube and hepatocytes.	Cilia
DNAH1	Distinct expression in cilia of respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube.,Strong granular cytoplasmic positivity was observed in exocrine pancreas. Pyramidal neurons showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were moderately stained. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in gastrointestinal tract, renal tubules, decidual cells, neuronal cells and smooth muscle cells. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DNAH10	Expressed in flagella of spermatids and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Moderate to strong positivity was observed in sperm flagella and cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube and endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Ovarian follicle cells showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Expressed in flagella of spermatids and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Moderate to strong positivity was observed in sperm flagella and cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube and endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Ovarian follicle cells showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Expressed in flagella of spermatids and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Moderate to strong positivity was observed in sperm flagella and cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube and endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Ovarian follicle cells showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Expressed in flagella of spermatids and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Moderate to strong positivity was observed in sperm flagella and cilia of glandular cells in fallopian tube and endometrium and respiratory epithelial cells. Ovarian follicle cells showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
DNAH11	Expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Placental trophoblasts, hepatocytes, renal tubules, smooth muscle, adrenal cortical cells, Leydig cells and parts of the gastrointestinal tract displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.,Moderate membranous staining of ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining in the gastrointestinal tract and exocrine pancreas. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
DNAH12	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium of bronchus showed weak to moderate staining. Glandular cells of small intestine displayed moderate membranous immunoreactivity. Testis, trophoblastic cells and gall bladder showed weak cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.,Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in heart myocytes and salivary gland. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in heart myocytes. Skeletal myocytes, small intestine and subset of hematopoietic cells were moderately stained. Cilia in fallopian tube were moderately stained. Smooth muscle cells and bronchus were weakly positive. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DNAH14	Expression mainly in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia showed moderate positivity. Renal tubules and adrenal gland showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Moderate nuclear staining was observed in Purkinje cells while cardiac and skeletal myocytes displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Expression mainly in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia showed moderate positivity. Renal tubules and adrenal gland showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Moderate nuclear staining was observed in Purkinje cells while cardiac and skeletal myocytes displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
DNAH2	Selective expression in cilia,Cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrium showed strong immunoreactivity. Essentially all remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
DNAH5	Distinct expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in the fallopian tubes and respiratory epithelia were strongly stained. Subsets of cells in bone marrow and prostate showed strong positivity. Myocytes and a fraction cells in red pulp of spleen displayed moderate staining. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
DNAH6	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium showed moderate to strongly stained. Megakaryocytes and platelets showed distinct staining. Squamous epithelial cells displayed moderate nuclear immunoreactivity. Leydig cells in testis, gallbladder exhibited moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
DNAH7	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia showed strong positivity. Liver, alveolar cells and glial cells were negative.	Cilia
DNAH9	Expression in cilia,Respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed strong ciliary staining with moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Subset of neuronal cells in cerebral cortex and endometrial glands displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
DNAI1	Selective cytoplasmic expression in seminiferous duct as well as ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and endometrium.	Cilia
DNAI2	Selective expression in cilia including spermatocytes.,Subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia, cervical and endometrial glands were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelial cells, fallopian tube and subset of endometrial glands were strongly stained. Strong cytoplasmic staining was exhibited in subset of cells in red pulp of spleen and hematopoietic cells. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and stomach showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DNAJB13	Expression mainly in spermatozoa and in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and uterus exhibited strong positivity while myocytes and chondrocytes showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Moderate positivity was seen in sperm flagellum, colon and renal tubules. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and uterus exhibited strong positivity while myocytes and chondrocytes showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Moderate positivity was seen in sperm flagellum, colon and renal tubules. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression mainly in spermatozoa and in ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and uterus exhibited strong positivity while myocytes and chondrocytes showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Moderate positivity was seen in sperm flagellum, colon and renal tubules. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and uterus exhibited strong positivity while myocytes and chondrocytes showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Moderate positivity was seen in sperm flagellum, colon and renal tubules. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagellum<br>Flagellum
DNAJB6	Strong cytoplasmic staining with a granular pattern was observed in the CNS. Cilia were strongly stained in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and in epididymis. In testis, nuclear staining was found. Remaining  normal tissues were negative.,Distinct positivity of cilia was seen in respiratory epithelial cells and in fallopian tube. Hepatocytes of liver were strongly stained in the cytoplasm and nucleus. Cells of CNS were moderately positive. Squamous epithelial cells, pancreas, lymphoid tissues and smooth muscle cells were negative.	Cilia
DNAL1	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, also expressed in cilia.,Moderate to strong positivity was observed in ciliated glandular cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelial cells. Spermatids showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear immunoreactivity.	Cilia
DNAL4	Expression in cilia and in cytoplasm in several tissues.,Trophopblastic cells showed strong nuclear staining. a subset neuronal cells in CNS showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear immunoreactivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium were moderately stained. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm, nucleoli & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Expression in cilia and in cytoplasm in several tissues.,Trophopblastic cells showed strong nuclear staining. a subset neuronal cells in CNS showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear immunoreactivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium were moderately stained. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm, nucleoli & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
DNALI1	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated tissues.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, epididymis and fallopian tube showed strong membranous and additional cytoplasmic positivity. Occasional cells in intestinal tract and endometrium showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
DNMT1	Weak to moderate nuclear staining was observed in most normal tissues. Distinct positivity was observed in presumable proliferating cells, for example in lymphoid germinal center, basal layer in squamous epithelia and in placenta. Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed membranous staining.	Cilia
DOCK8	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm, cytosol & mitochondria.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DPF2	centrosome	Centrosome
DPY30	Most of the normal cells showed moderate nuclear immunoreactivity. Cilia were distinctly stained in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Cells of CNS, mesenchymal cells, heart and skeletal muscle cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
DRC3	Expression mainly in ciliated cells of fallopian tube.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract displayed moderate positivity. Squamous epithelia showed moderate nuclear staining. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in alveolar macrophages, intestinal glands, adrenal gland, renal tubules, Purkinje cells and germinal center cells. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube were moderately stained. A subset of neuronal cells displayed weak nucleolar positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
DUSP23	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Lung macrophages, small intestine, parathyroid and smooth muscle exhibited strong positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. The CNS tissues except for neuronal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
DVL3	Mainly localized to the centrosome & midbody ring. In addition localized to the intermediate filaments.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DYDC2	Selective expression in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube along with a subset of cells in cervix displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Subsets of cells in the gastrointestinal tract, cardiac and skeletal muscle were moderately positive. Moderate nuclear and cytoplasmic staining was observed in a fraction of cells in seminiferous ducts. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and a subset of cells in uterus showed strong positivity. The neuronal cells in cerebral cortex displayed moderate nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
DYNC1H1	Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DYNC1LI1	Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DYNC1LI2	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
DYNC2LI1	Cytoplasmic expression in a group of tissues, most abundant in ciliated cells.	Cilia
DZIP1L	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia displayed distinct staining in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes. The liver, kidney, cells in CNS, smooth and skeletal muscle cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
E2F1	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
EBPL	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Stomach, small intestinal glands, hepatocytes, urothelial cells and exocrine pancreas were strongly stained. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube and bronchus were strongly positive. Kidney, placenta, myocytes, soft tissue, lymphoid tissues, neuronal and glial cells were negative.	Cilia
EDDM3B	Moderate membranous and secreted positivity was displayed in epididymis. Additional moderate membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells of airway epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium. All other normal tissue were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
EDRF1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
EEF1AKMT3	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & mitotic chromosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
EFCAB1	Selective expression in sperms and in ciliated epithelia of female genitalia and respiratory tract.	Cilia
EFCAB7	Cytoplasmic expression in cells in seminiferous ducts and distinct expression in cilia in several cell types.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in intestinal glands. Cilia were distinctly stained. Neuronal cells displayed strong nuclear staining. A few epithelia and lymphoid tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative. ,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in seminiferous ducts, a subset of renal tubules and cilia of respiratory epithelium, epididymis and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Endothelial cells, pancreatic islets, cells in glomeruli and enteroendocrine cells in the intestine showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia of respiratory epithelium, epididymis and fallopian tube also showed strong staining. Neuronal cells and cells in testis showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal were generally negative.	Cilia
EFHC2	Gastric parietal cells, the adrenal gland and Leydig cells showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity while alveolar cells displayed membranous positivity. Neural extensions in the CNS were strongly stained. The intestine and ciliated cells showed distinct positivity in bruch border and cilia. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ELF3	Selective nuclear expression in the gastrointestinal tract, urothelial cells, squamous epithelia and ciliated cells.	Cilia
ELP6	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
EMC1	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Adrenal gland, hematopoietic cells, gall bladder and endometrial glands displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes, airways and epididymis exhibited distinct staining.	Cilia
EMC6	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ENG	Strong membranous staining was seen in most blood vessels. Strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining was observed in placental trophoblasts and in ciliated cells in bronchus and fallopian tube. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
ENGASE	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ENKD1	Cytoplasmic expression in several cell types, most abundant in ciliated cells and trophoblasts.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Cytoplasmic expression in several cell types, most abundant in ciliated cells and trophoblasts.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
ENKUR	Distinct expression in cilia of fallopian tube and bronchial epithelia.,Hepatocytes of liver and duodenum showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia of fallopian tube showed strong membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium of bronchus showed weak to moderate positivity. A subset of cells on skeletal myocytes showed weak cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ENO4	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells in respiratory tract, brain, fallopian tube and uterus.,Moderate to strong positivity in cilia was observed in respiratory epithelial cells, fallopian tube, endometrium, ependymal cells in caudate and sperm cells in testis. Additional positivity was observed in enteroendocrine cells in duodenum. Remaining tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
ENPP3	Pre-menopause uterine glands and seminal vesicle showed strong membranous staining with distinct extracellular positivity. A subset of renal tubules and salivary ducts showed moderate positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia was distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
EPB41L5	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in heart and skeletal muscle as well as in alveolar macrophages. Renal glomeruli showed distinct membranous staining while airway epithelium and fallopian tube showed staining i cilia. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
EPHA8	Moderate to strong membranous and/or cytoplasmic staining was observed in the gastrointestinal tract, lymphoid tissues, gall bladder, purkinje cells, myocytes and renal tubules. Cilia of epididymis and placenta were strongly stained. Remaining normal cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ERCC6L	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ERICH3	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in renal tubules, basal cells of intestinal crypts, gall bladder and skeletal muscle. Remaining tissues were generally negative.,Strong membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells in respiratory tract and fallopian tube. Additional staining was displayed in placenta membrane and cytoplasmic staining of myocytes in skeletal muscle and heart. Essentially all remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ERICH5	Islets of Langerhans and intercalated ducts in pancreas exhibited strong cytoplasmic positivity. Bile duct cells, urothelial cells and stomach were moderately stained. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained.  Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Moderate, granular cytoplasmic positivity was observed in gastrointestinal glands, exocrine pancreas, testis, prostate and Purkinje cells. Squamous epithelial cells showed weak to moderate membranous staining. Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues exhibited weak nuclear positivity or were negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in gastrointestinal mucosa and cilium in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.<br>Islets of Langerhans and intercalated ducts in pancreas exhibited strong cytoplasmic positivity. Bile duct cells, urothelial cells and stomach were moderately stained. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained.  Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Moderate, granular cytoplasmic positivity was observed in gastrointestinal glands, exocrine pancreas, testis, prostate and Purkinje cells. Squamous epithelial cells showed weak to moderate membranous staining. Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues exhibited weak nuclear positivity or were negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in gastrointestinal mucosa and cilium in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Cilium<br>Cilium
ERMP1	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in parathyroid gland, placenta, kidney, adrenal gland and salivary gland. Additional staining was displayed in ciliated cells.	Cilia
ESPN	Distinct microvilli expression in several tissues including gastrointestinal tract, kidney and epididymal stereocilia.	Cilia
ETAA1	Most normal tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. The spleenic white pulp was negative. Additional membranous staining was observed in heart muscle and ciliated cells.	Cilia
EVA1C	Normal tissues displayed generally weak cytoplasmic positivity or were negative. Additional membranous staining was observed in gastrointestinal tract, gall bladder and kidney. Ciliated cells displayed staining exclusively in the luminal membranes.	Cilia
EVI2A	Expression in brain, cilia and in endothelial cells in several tissues.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube displayed strong positivity. Exocrine pancreas, fraction of cells in seminiferus ducts, endothelial cells and peripheral nerves displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
EXTL1	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in normal tissues. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Adrenocortical cells, thyroid, renal tubules, skeletal muscle and duodenum were strongly positive.	Cilia
EYA3	centrosome	Centrosome
EZR	Several tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity, including lymphoid tissue, kidney and adrenal gland. Microvilli, cilia and stereocilia showed distinct immunoreactivity.	Cilia
FAM117B	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in appendix, exocrine pancreas, skeletal muscle and neuronal cells. Cilia was positive in airways and fallopian tube. Airways showed additional nuclear staining. Neuropil and peripheral nerves were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in appendix, exocrine pancreas, skeletal muscle and neuronal cells. Cilia was positive in airways and fallopian tube. Airways showed additional nuclear staining. Neuropil and peripheral nerves were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
FAM129C	Subsets of cells in seminiferus ducts displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous immunoreactivity. Ciliated cells, thyroid, renal tubules, prostate, skeletal muscle, endocervical glands and a subset of lymphoid cells showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal cells were mainly negative.	Cilia
FAM131C	The gastrointestinal tract and gall bladder showed strong staining in luminal membranes while ciliated cells showed moderate membrane positivity. Renal tubules and breast displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Most remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
FAM149B1	Respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed strong positivity in the cilia. Spermatids in seminiferus ducts and a subset of renal tubules displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Hematopoietic cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
FAM155A	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & vesicles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FAM161A	Expression mainly in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.	Cilia
FAM162B	The adrenal showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts and in respiratory epithelium of nasopharynx displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium of bronchus were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
FAM166B	Cilia in respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tubes showed strong staining. Megakaryocytes in bone marrow, adrenal glands, heart and skeletal muscles showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
FAM183A	Cytoplasmic expression in seminiferous ducts and ciliated cells of fallopian tube and bronchus.	Cilia
FAM189A2	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate often granular cytoplasmic positivity. Airway epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong staining in cilia while placental trophoblasts exhibited distinct nuclear staining. The liver, prostate, glial cells and lymphoid tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
FAM198B	Adrenal gland, islets of Langerhans, skeletal muscle and cells in the CNS displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Colloid in thyroid gland, intercalated discs in cardiomyocytes and cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Most other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
FAM204A	centrosome	Centrosome
FAM241B	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FAM45A	Localized to the plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FAM47B	Heart muscle showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Squamous cells in oral mucosa and tonsil exhibited weak membranous staining. Stereocilia in epididymis displayed strong staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
FAM92A	Strong immunoreactivity was observed in subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts. Strong membranous staining was displayed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia in bronchus. Remaining normal cells were essentially negative.	Cilia
FAM92B	Selective expression in ciliary rootlets in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Moderate to strong membranous staining was observed in membrane under cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Remaining cell types were mainly negative.	Cilia
FAM9A	Strong nucleolar staining was observed in Purkinje cells and neuronal cells. Gastrointestinal tract, renal tubules, squamous epithelia, breast and exocrine pancreas exhibited weak to moderate staining. Strong cytoplasmic staining was displayed in subset of cells in red pulp of spleen and tonsil. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
FBF1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FBXO38	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was observed in small intestine, urothelium and breast. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. The CNS and lymphoid cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
FBXO9	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FCHO2	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FGF11	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FGFR1OP	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FHAD1	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in Purkinje cells and rare leukocytes. Intestinal tract, prostate, gall bladder, superficial layers in squamous epithelia and muscle cells showed moderate staining. Cilia in the bronchus and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
FKBP11	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FLT4	Normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Cilia distinctly stained. A subset of glial cells displayed moderate nuclear positivity. Bile duct cells, skin  and ovarian follicle cells were negative.	Cilia
FNTB	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FOPNL	Expressed in cilia in the fallopian tube and airway epithelia, and in the cytoplasm of most cell types.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Expressed in cilia in the fallopian tube and airway epithelia, and in the cytoplasm of most cell types.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
FOXP2	centrosome	Centrosome
FP565260.6	Mainly localized to the mitochondria. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
FSIP1	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Additional membranous staining was observed in the intestine, prostate, urothelium and ciliated cells. Respiratory epithelia, oral mucosa, small intestine and trophoblasts showed strong staining. Pneumocytes, bile ducts, glial cells and lymphoid tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
GABBR1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GALNT8	Most normal tissues showed cytoplasmic positivity of varying intensity. Strong positivity was observed in glandular cells of gastrointestinal tract, ciliated cells, testis and a subset of immune cells. Myocytes were negative.	Cilia
GAPDHS	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GAPVD1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cells in seminiferous ducts, trophoblastic cells, urothelium, ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube displayed strong immunoreactivity. Muscle tissue, liver, mesenchymal cells and most cells in CNS were in general negative.	Cilia
GAS8	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate granular cytoplasmic staining. Gastrointestinal tract, gall bladder, parathyroid, renal tubules and cardiac myocytes displayed strong positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Bile duct cells, cells in glomeruli, hematopoietic cells and germinal center cells were negative.	Cilia
GCM1	Strong nuclear staining was observed in syncytotrophoblastic cells. Gastric chief cells, ciliated cells in fallopian tube and a subset of lymphoid cells exhibited moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
GGT6	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong cytoplasmic staining was seen in large intestine. Seminiferous duct cells showed strong nuclear staining. The cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. The liver, glial cells and lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
GID4	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Ciliated cells showed additional membranous staining. Stomach, gall bladder, urothelium and exocrine pancreas were strongly stained. Pneumocytes, liver, renal glomeruli, glial cells and smooth muscle were negative.	Cilia
GINS4	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GLB1L	Cytoplasmic and nuclear expression in seminiferous ducts and distinct cilia expression in fallopian tube and the respiratory tract.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in seminiferous duct cells and the superficial layer in skin. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were strongly stained. Renal tubules and skeletal muscle cells showed moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
GNAI1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & nucleoli.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GNAI3	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & nucleoli.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GNAS	Cilia in for example fallopian tube and airway epithelia showed moderate staining. Subsets of neuronal cells also dispalyed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Intercalated discs in heart were distinctly stained. Most of the remaining normal tissues were negative or displayed weak cytoplasmic positivity.	Cilia
GNB2	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining along with membranous positivity in few cases. Cilia in respiratory tract of bronchus and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Parathyroid displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Most squamous epithelia, decidual cells, glial cells and the lymphoid tissues except germinal center cells were mainly negative.	Cilia
GNB4	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic and/or membranous positivity. Strong membranous staining was seen in stomach, gall bladder, islet cells and urothelial cells. Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Squamous epithelia demonstrated positivity mainly in the basal layer. Hepatocytes and skeletal muscles were negative.	Cilia
GNB5	Mainly localized to the nuclear speckles. In addition localized to the centrosome & rods & rings.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GNE	A majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. The gastrointestinal tract, gallbladder and prostate displayed strong immunoreactivity. Cilia in nasopharynx and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Squamous epithelium, cells in CNS and alveolar cells were generally negative.	Cilia
GON4L	Ciliated cells of bronchus and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining was displayed in renal tubules, peripheral nerve, endothelial cells and subset of Purkinje cells. Lymphoid tissues, mesenchymal cells and squamous epithelial cells were mostly negative. Remaining normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and often membranous positivity.	Cilia
GOPC	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity in most normal tissues. Distinct membranous staining in e.g. stomach and epididymal cells displayed strong immunoreactivity in cilia. Distinct staining in astrocytes and axonal projections, other cells in cns were virtually negative. Lymphoid tissues, liver, squamous epithelium and smooth muscle were also virtually negative.	Cilia
GP1BA	Megakaryocytes and platelets were distinctly stained. Cilia displayed moderate positivity. The gastric mucosa showed staining in the chief cells. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
GPAT2	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in exocrine pancreas. Ciliated cells and urothelium showed moderate membranous staining. Heart and skeletal muscle displayed moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
GPR155	Distinct cytoplasmic often with a granular pattern was observed in gastric glands, large intestine, gall bladder, thyroid, renal tubules, Leydig cells, prostate, neurons and myocytes. Heart muscle displayed additional strong positivity in intercalated discs. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
GPSM2	centrosome	Centrosome
GRAP	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GRAPL	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GRK4	Cytoplasmic expression in spermatogonia and distinct expression in membrane under cilia in fallopian tube and airway epithelia.	Cilia
GRXCR1	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous positivity. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Prostate, trophoblastic cells, muscle tissue, spleen, non-germinal center cells of lymphoid tissues and glial cells of CNS were negative.	Cilia
GSG1L	Strong positivity was observed in cilia in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and endometrium. Additional cytoplasmic or nucleolar staining was observed in gastrointestinal tract, testis, breast, CNS.	Cilia
GTSE1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the plasma membrane.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GVQW3	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the endoplasmic reticulum.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
GZMK	Intercalated disc in heart, cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed strong membranous positivity. Subset of lymphoid cells exhibited strong immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
HAAO	Strong positivity was observed in the cytoplasm of hepatocytes and renal tubules as well as cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube. The small intestine and subsets of lymphoid cells exhibited moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
HAUS1	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HAUS2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HAUS5	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Smooth muscle cells, adrenal, stomach, adipocytes, myoepithelial cells, Purkinje cells, fibroblast and adipose tissue displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong positivity in cilia. Pneumocytes showed strong nuclear immunoreactivity.	Cilia
HAUS7	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HCFC2	Normal tissues generally showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining. The positivity was often accentuated to the plasma membrane. Cilia and microvilli were distinctly positive. Strongest staining was observed in lymphoid reaction center cells and in some glandular epithelia. Cells of the CNS showed faint staining. Muscle tissues and mesenchymal cells were in general negative.	Cilia
HECW1	Cytoplasmic staining with a granular pattern was found in most normal cells, generally of moderate to strong intensity. Nuclear staining was also found, but to a lesser extent. A subset of lymphoid cells and cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly positive.	Cilia
HEPN1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Additional membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells while hepatocytes displayed additional nuclear immunoreactivity. Lung, parathyroid, renal glomeruli, decidual cells, smooth muscle and the lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
HGF	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HIKESHI	Most of the normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Thyroid gland, cilia in respiratory tract and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. The lung, spleen and non-germinal center cells of lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
HIPK1	Localized to the nucleoplasm, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HMBOX1	centrosome	Centrosome
HMMR	Mainly localized to the microtubules. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HNF4G	centrosome	Centrosome
HNMT	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HOPX	Cardiomyocytes, neuronal cells, renal tubules, glandular cells of fallopian tube and urothelial cells along with a  subset of cells in squamous epithelia, stomach and exocrine pancreas displayed weak to moderate staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelia were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.	Cilia
HOXB4	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HPS4	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HSD3B1	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in syncytiotrophoblasts in placenta and in a subset of cells in adrenal gland and seminiferous ducts, and in peripheral nerve. Additional strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrium. Most remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
HSD3B2	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in syncytiotrophoblasts in placenta and in a subset of cells in adrenal gland and seminiferous ducts, and in peripheral nerve. Additional strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrium. Most remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
HSPA4L	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
HSPB11	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in seminiferus duct cells and ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes. Adrenal cortex, renal tubules, cytotrophoblasts and skeletal muscle cells showed moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
HSPBP1	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Several squamous epithelia showed also nuclear staining. Strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity in several lymphoid tissues, cerebellum, placenta and additional nuclear staining in testis and ciliated cells in respiratory tract and female genitalia.<br>Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Several squamous epithelia showed also nuclear staining. Strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity in several lymphoid tissues, cerebellum, placenta and additional nuclear staining in testis and ciliated cells in respiratory tract and female genitalia.<br>Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
HTR1E	Many normal tissues including the CNS, lymphoid germinal center cells, trophoblasts, seminiferous duct cells and ciliated cells displayed moderate nuclear positivity. The gastrointestinal tract and renal tubules displayed membranous and cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells generally showed weak cytoplasmic staining or were negative.	Cilia
HYDIN	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis.,Moderate to strong staining in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis.,Moderate to strong staining in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis.,Moderate to strong staining in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis.,Moderate to strong staining in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and in flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
ID2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & nuclear bodies. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
IER5	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Leydig cells, adrenal glands, heart muscle, ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium showed strong staining. Alveolar cells, bile ducts, spleen and reaction center cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
IFITM1	Strong staining was displayed in stereocilia of epididymis. Weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a subset of immune cells and endothelial cells. Most normal cells were negative.	Cilia
IFT140	Cytoplasmic expression in several different tissue types and membranous expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and airway epithelia.,Airway epithelium and fallopian tube showed staining in ciliary rootlets. A subset of cells in the gastrointestinal tract, testis, gall bladder showed moderate granular cytoplasmic and occasional nuclear positivity. Adrenal gland showed strong positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
IFT22	General cytoplasmic expression, including expression in cilia.	Cilia
IFT43	Cytoplasmic expression in several  tissues, including expression in cilia.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in testis and a subset of renal tubules. Neuropil and a few neurons showed moderate immunoreactivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia showed membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
IFT46	Cytoplasmic expression, including expression in cilia.	Cilia
IFT52	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, highest expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and bronchus.,Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and bronchus. Most other normal tissues showed cytoplasmic staining of varying intensity.	Cilia
IFT57	General cytoplasmic expression, including cilia.	Cilia
IFT74	Membranous expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Cytoplasmic expression in several other tissues.	Cilia
IFT81	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
IGF2BP2	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells, the intestine, trophoblasts, glandular cells in endometrium and cervix showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Glial cells were generally negative.,Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells showed additional membranous staining. Adrenal gland, renal tubules, hematopoietic cells and muscle showed strong staining. Bile ducts, decidual cells, glial cells, adipocytes and lymphoid non germinal center cells were negative.	Cilia
IGFBP4	Distinct positivity in plasma. Subset of non-germinal center cells in lymphoid tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells of bronchus were weakly stained while weak cytoplasmic staining was observed in smooth muscle cells. Other cancer tissues were negative.	Cilia
IL1RN	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
IL2	Normal tissues generally displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Strong staining was found keratinized layers of squamous epithelia. Cilia showed moderate positivity. A majority of cells in the CNS and lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
INA	Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in cells of the CNS, predominantly in Purkinje cells and their axonal processes in the cerebellum. Neuropil displayed distinct positivity. Strong immunoreactivity was also seen in cilia and some endocrine related organs, e.g. thyroid and adrenal gland.	Cilia
INAFM1	Cilia in respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tubes showed strong positivity. Skeletal and cardiac muscles displayed weak staining. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
INPP4B	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
INTS6L	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nuclear bodies & mitochondria.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
IPO8	Most of the normal tissues displayed weak to moderate dot-like or granular cytoplasmic positivity which often occurred in nuclear proximity. Respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed staining in cilia.	Cilia
IQCB1	Cones in retina showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Additional strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian tube. Weak to moderate staining was displayed in several normal tissues.	Cilia
IQCG	Expressed in the cilia in fallopian tube and airway epithelia. Also expressed in cells in seminiferous ducts.,Strong staining was observed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
IQCK	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues. Expression also in cilia of fallopian tube, testis and endometrium.	Cilia
IRF5	The lymphoid tissues and inflammatory cells showed strong cytoplasmic staining. A subset of cilia in fallopian tube exhibited moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ISL1	Hepatocytes, adrenal and thyroid gland showed moderate to strong nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. Renal tubules, Leydig cells and subset of glial cells showed strong nuclear positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes exhibited moderate immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
ISM2	centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ITGB6	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cell junctions. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ITPRIPL2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
IVL	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the nuclear bodies & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
JAM3	Cells in seminiferous ducts displayed strong membranous positivity. Cilia in bronchi, fallopian tube and epididymis showed strong immunoreactivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
KAT2B	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KCNB2	centrosome	Centrosome
KCNH5	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KDR	A subset of endothelial and inflammatory cells displayed distinct positivity. Squamous epithelium showed nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and bronchus were positive. Glomeruli in kidney displayed strong membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
KIAA0753	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KIAA1109	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KIAA1211L	Mainly localized to the centrosome & microtubules. In addition localized to the cytokinetic bridge.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KIAA2012	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and in seminiferous ducts.,Moderate to strong staining was observed in cilia in respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
KIF19	Strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian glandular cells and respiratory epithelial cell. Additional cytoplasmic positivity of varying intensities was observed in several tissues.<br>Expression mainly in the cilium of epithelial cells in fallopian tube and the respiratory tract.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the centrosome & actin filaments.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian glandular cells and respiratory epithelial cell. Additional cytoplasmic positivity of varying intensities was observed in several tissues.<br>Expression mainly in the cilium of epithelial cells in fallopian tube and the respiratory tract.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the centrosome & actin filaments.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Strong positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian glandular cells and respiratory epithelial cell. Additional cytoplasmic positivity of varying intensities was observed in several tissues.<br>Expression mainly in the cilium of epithelial cells in fallopian tube and the respiratory tract.<br>Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the centrosome & actin filaments.,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Cilium<br>Cilium<br>Cilium<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
KIF20B	A majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Stomach, small intestine, parathyroid gland, renal tubules, bone marrow poetic cells and cilia in fallopian tube showed strong staining. Glial cells, pneumocytes and the lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
KIF23	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in normal tissues. Cilia and microvilli displayed distinct immunoreactivity.	Cilia
KIF26B	Normal tissue showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining with cases of membranous positivity. Ciliated cells and trophoblastic cells displayed strong immunoreactivity. Gastrointestinal tract, hepatocytes and lymphoid tissue were negative.	Cilia
KIF2A	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm, nucleoli & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,Centrosome,Centrosome,Centrosome	Centrosome
KIF2C	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the midbody.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KIF3A	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues, including cilia.,Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelium, gastric glands, pancreatic islets, cells in seminiferous ducts of testis, neuronal cells and bone marrow poietic cells. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
KIF6	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in cells in seminiferous ducts and in glial cells and projections in CNS, most distinct in lateral ventricle and hippocampus. Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining was displayed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and in respiratory epithelia. Most other cell types were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in cells in seminiferous ducts and in glial cells and projections in CNS, most distinct in lateral ventricle and hippocampus. Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining was displayed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and in respiratory epithelia. Most other cell types were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
KIFC1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KIRREL2	centrosome	Centrosome
KLHL21	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KLHL35	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli fibrillar center.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
KLHL4	Respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong staining in cilia and/or cytoplasma. The intestine, renal tubules, squamous epithelia, placenta, testis and adrenal gland displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
KXD1	Localized to the nucleoli fibrillar center, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LANCL1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Placental trophoblasts, cells in seminiferous ducts and glial cells in cerebral cortex displayed strong cytoplasmic staining, while respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed distinct positivity in cilia. Liver, salivary gland, spleen and smooth muscle cells were generally negative.	Cilia
LAS1L	Normal tissues showed moderate to strong nuclear positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium displayed additional membranous staining.	Cilia
LCA5	Distinct expression of cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and subset of spermatids.,Endothelial cells showed strong positivity in most tissues. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in gall bladder, exocrine pancreas, placental, heart and smooth muscles. Positive staining of cilia was observed in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium. Remaining normal tissues cells were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and testis were distinctly stained. Most remaining normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity.	Cilia
LCA5L	High expression in cilia and subset of cells in testis.,Testis showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia were distinctly stained. Squamous epithelium, renal tubules, Purkinje cells, neuronal cells and epidermal cells displayed moderate nucleolar positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LDLRAD1	Selective expression in cilia in fallopian tube.,Cilia in fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Intestinal tract, exocrine pancreas, urinary bladder, prostate, thyroid, adrenal gland, glandular cells of uterus and cervix showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity in a granular pattern. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
LDLRAP1	Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in smooth muscles and blood vessels. Cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia stained distinctly. A subtype of glial cells showed strong nuclear immunoreactivity. Most remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LENG1	A majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells and cells in seminiferous ducts displayed strong positivity. Several tissues including lung, liver, kidney, placenta and the CNS were negative.	Cilia
LEO1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & nucleoli fibrillar center. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LEPROT	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LGI2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LIMCH1	A subset of leukocytes and respiratory epithelia showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Cilia were distinctly stained in nasopharynx and fallopian tube. Otherwise normal cells were negative or displayed weak cytoplasmic immunoreactivity.	Cilia
LINC02203	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LIPT2	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LMF2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LMNTD1	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LNPEP	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells showed additional membranous staining. Glial cells, liver, thyroid, decidual cells and renal glomeruli were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LONRF1	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LRP1B	Lateral ventricle, duodenum, small intestine, hepatocytes, adrenal medulla as well as cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia showed strong cytoplasmic positivity often with a granular pattern. Peripheral nerve fibers were distinctly stained in several tissues. Most remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LRRC18	Cells in glomeruli showed strong membranous positivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia displayed moderate membranous positivity, while peripheral ganglia and sperm in seminiferous ducts showed cytoplasmic positivity. Most remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LRRC23	Distinct expression in cilia.,Thyroid glands showed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and  fallopian tubes exhibited moderate immunoreactivity. Subset of cells in gastrointestinal tract, neurons in cerebral cortex, testis, skeletal and smooth muscle cells displayed weak staining. Other normal tissues were negative.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and uterus were strongly stained. Cells in seminiferus ducts of testis showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
LRRC24	Cytoplasmic expression in a subset of cells including follicles in ovary, prostate glands and islet of Langerhans. Distinct expression in cilia.,Follicles in ovary, prostatic glands and islet of Langerhans showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes exhibited strong immunoreactivity. Renal tubules and endometrial glands displayed moderate staining. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LRRC34	Cytotrophoblasts and ciliated cells displayed strong cytoplasmic and membrane positivity. The large intestine, gallbladder, pancreas, renal tubules, urothelia and cells in seminiferous ducts were moderately stained. Peripheral nerves and neuropil were distinctly stained. Remaining normal cells were generally negative.	Cilia
LRRC37A	Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong positivity. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was displayed in adrenal gland and gall bladder. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
LRRC37A2	Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong positivity. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was displayed in adrenal gland and gall bladder. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
LRRC37A3	Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed moderate to strong positivity. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was displayed in adrenal gland and gall bladder. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
LRRC45	Purkinje cells and placenta exhibited strong cytoplasmic expression. Strong apical staining was observed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube. CNS was weakly stained. The remaining normal tissues generally showed moderate cytoplasmic staining often combined with nuclear positivity.<br>Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & plasma membrane.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Purkinje cells and placenta exhibited strong cytoplasmic expression. Strong apical staining was observed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube. CNS was weakly stained. The remaining normal tissues generally showed moderate cytoplasmic staining often combined with nuclear positivity.<br>Mainly localized to the cytosol & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & plasma membrane.,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
LRRC46	Expression in ciliated cells and seminiferous duct cells.	Cilia
LRRC6	Cytoplasmic expression mainly in testis and ciliated epithelia.	Cilia
LRRC7	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LRRC73	Expression in the ciliary rootlets of glandular cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia, with nuclear expression in seminiferous ducts.	Cilia
LRRCC1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LRRN1	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Cilia of fallopian tube and airway epithelia were distinctly positive. Skeletal muscle showed strong sarcoplasmic positivity. Squamous epithelia and lymphoid tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
LTB	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
LTB4R2	Strong membranous positivity was observed in intestinal glands while squamous epithelial cells of esophagus and vagina displayed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear immunoreactivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
LZTR1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MAATS1	Ciliary expression in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong cilia staining. Most remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MAGEB16	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MAL	Mainly localized to the Golgi apparatus. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MAMLD1	centrosome	Centrosome
MAP2K5	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Skeletal muscle cells displayed strong cytoplasmic staining including cilia in airway epithelia. The liver, ovary, glial cells and lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
MAP3K7	Strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in chief cells of stomach and in glandular cells of breast. Cilia showed distinct staining. Few glandular epithelia displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity.  Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
MAP4K1	Strong staining was observed in hepatocytes, skeletal muscle and lymphoid cells. Urothelium and seminal vesicle displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Cilia in for example fallopian tube showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal cells were generally negative.	Cilia
MAP7D3	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MAPK14	Normal cells generally showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Bone marrow poietic cells and most neurons displayed strong nuclear staining. Strong staining was observed in cilia of fallopian tube and airway epithelia.	Cilia
MAPK6	A majority of normal tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cilia and microvilli were distinctly positive.	Cilia
MAPKAPK2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MAPRE3	Expression in CNS and ciliated cells.,Strong immunoreactivity was observed in the cytoplasm of ciliated cells, peripheral nerves, ganglion and neurons but also in neuropil. Normal cells in general were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MCM3	centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MCOLN3	The adrenal, subset of cells in seminiferus ducts and prostate showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Follicle cells of ovary showed moderate nucleolar and cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium of bronchus and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MDFI	Neuoropil of cerebellum was strongly stained. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in other brain tissues, peripheral nerves, stomach, pancreatic islets, placenta and seminiferous ducts and spleen. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes showed weak to moderate staining. Most remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MDH1	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MDH1B	Expression in sperm flagella and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Moderate to strong membranous positivity was displayed in ciliated glandular cells in airway epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium. Additional moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in a subset of cells in cells in seminiferous ducts, pancreatic exocrine glandular cells and a subset of glandular cells in salivary gland.<br>Expression in sperm flagella and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.<br>Expression in sperm flagella and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Moderate to strong membranous positivity was displayed in ciliated glandular cells in airway epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium. Additional moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in a subset of cells in cells in seminiferous ducts, pancreatic exocrine glandular cells and a subset of glandular cells in salivary gland.<br>Expression in sperm flagella and cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
MDM1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Gastric glands were strongly stained. Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells. Squamous epithelia, bile ducts, islets of Langerhans, renal glomeruli, breast and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Gastric glands were strongly stained. Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells. Squamous epithelia, bile ducts, islets of Langerhans, renal glomeruli, breast and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
MED20	The gastrointestinal tract, urothelium, renal glomeruli, ciliated cells, trophoblasts and megakaryocytes showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membrane positivity. Remaining tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>The gastrointestinal tract, urothelium, renal glomeruli, ciliated cells, trophoblasts and megakaryocytes showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membrane positivity. Remaining tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
MFAP1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MICAL1	Most normal cells showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells, epididymis and superficial squamous epithelia displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Lung, liver, prostate, lymphoid tissues, pancreatic islets, heart and skeletal muscle were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MIPEP	Most of the normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional nuclear positivity. Ciliated cells displayed strong staining.	Cilia
MISP	Membranous expression in gastrointestinal tract, cells in renal tubules, ciliated cells i fallopian tube, uterus and respiratory tract.	Cilia
MKKS	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MKRN2OS	Gastrointestinal tract showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Renal tubules and subset of goblet cells in small intestinal glands exhibited strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cilia in epididymis were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were mainly weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MME	Strong staining was observed in brush borders of small intestines and proximal renal tubules, in cilia of epididymis, and in membranes of cells in glomeruli and in prostate. Moderate membranous and cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in several other tissues such as liver, placenta and breast. Remaining tissues were negative.,Strong positivity in brush borders of small intestines and renal proximal tubules and in stereocilia of epididymis. Distinct membranous staining was displayed in glomeruli, prostate and liver. Most remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
MMP27	Cilia of bronchus were moderately stained. Subset of hematopoietic cells exhibited moderate nuclear staining while prostate showed cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
MNS1	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained.	Cilia
MOGAT3	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MORC4	Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts and trophoblasts displayed moderate nuclear staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes exhibited weak staining. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MORN3	Placental trophoblasts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Moderate cytoplasmic staining with a granular pattern was observed in exocrine pancreas, neuronal cells in CNS, stomach, duodenum and a subset of cells i seminiferus ducts. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Normal cells showed moderate to strong nuclear staining with additional cytoplasmic immunoreactivity in several cases. Cilia were distinctly stained in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube.	Cilia
MPDZ	A majority of normal tissues were negative. Pancreatic islets, stomach and renal glomeruli displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in the fallopian tube as well as in respiratory epithelia were strongly stained.	Cilia
MPHOSPH9	centrosome	Centrosome
MPV17L2	The prostate showed positivity in luminal membranes while respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed moderate positivity in cilia. Subsets of seminiferus duct cells, hepatocytes and seminal vesicle cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Smooth muscle cells were weakly stained. Neuropil showed distinct staining. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
MRFAP1	Neurons and cells in the molecular layer of cerebellum as well as ciliated cells and subsets of cells in exocrine pancreas showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Seminiferus ducts cells and the adrenal gland showed moderate nuclear positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MRO	Purkinje cells, ovarian follicle and subsets of cells in renal glomeruli displayed strong cytoplasmic staining while pneumocytes showed moderate positivity. Moderate membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MRPL14	Most of the normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory tract showed distinct staining. Leydig cells, neuronal cells and parts of the intestinal tract were strongly stained. Nuclear or nuclear membranous positivity was observed in a few cases.	Cilia
MRPS11	Normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity with additional nuclear staining in a few tissues. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Liver, cells in red pulp of spleen and the glial cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MS4A8	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Strong granular cytoplasmic positivity was observed in epididymis. Distinct staining of cilia in respiratory tract and fallopian tube.,Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity, most with additional nuclear or membranous staining. Nucleoli and nuclear membranes were distinctly stained in several tissues. Cilia and microvilli were often strongly stained.	Cilia
MSANTD4	Astrocytes in the CNS showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Gastric chief cells displayed distinct cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Airways and fallopian tube showed strong staining in cilia. Seminiferous duct cells showed strong staining of the nuclei. Heart, skeletal muscle and adrenal gland were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MTIF2	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues including cilia and positivity in a subsets of immune cells.,Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Cilia were distinctly stained, while squamous epithelia, mesenchymal cells and most cells in CNS were negative.	Cilia
MTM1	Strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in parietal cells of stomach, in goblet cells of the gastrointestinal tract, luminal membranes, cilia and microvilli of several tissues. Cells in the CNS, squamous epithelia and muscle cells were in general negative. Remaining normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity.	Cilia
MTMR1	centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MTMR11	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MTMR9	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the actin filaments.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MTO1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Respiratory epithelia, adrenal gland and trophoblastic cells displayed strong cytoplasmic staining while cilia were strongly stained in fallopian tube. Smooth muscle, lymphoid tissue and glial cells were negative.	Cilia
MTR	Ciliated epithelium in bronchus and fallopian tube displayed strong staining of the cilia. Remaining normal tissues showed cytoplasmic and membranous staining of varying intensities with strongest staining in skeletal muscle.	Cilia
MTRF1L	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunorecativity. Strong positivity was observed in gastric glands, ciliated cells and skeletal myocytes. Liver, pancreatic islets, renal glomeruli, glial cells and lymphoid tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
MUC4	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in goblet cells in gastrointestinal tract, maturing spermatides in testis, cilia of respiratory epithelia and cervical glands. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MYBPC3	Cardiac myocytes, ovarian follicles and a subset of cells in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Breast myoepithelial cells exhibited moderate positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MYCBPAP	Cytoplasmic expression in subset of cells in seminiferous ducts. Also expressed in the cilia of cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory tract.,Subset of cell in seminiferous ducts in testis showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Moderate to strong positivity was observed in ciliated cells of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MYO18B	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MYO3A	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in photoreceptor cells and rare ganglion cells in retina. Luminal membrane in glandular cells of gastrointestinal tract, epididymis, seminal vesicles and endometrial glands along with superficial squamous epithelia and cilia in fallopian tube showed also moderate staining. Most remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
MYO3B	Expressed in stereocilia in epididymis.,Strong positivity in stereocilia was observed in glandular cells in epididymis.  Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
MZT2A	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
MZT2B	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
N4BP3	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
N6AMT1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NAA11	Cells in seminiferous ducts showed strong immunoreactivity while heart, skeletal muscle and subsets of cells in squamous epithelia displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells showed membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol, the Golgi apparatus & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Cells in seminiferous ducts showed strong immunoreactivity while heart, skeletal muscle and subsets of cells in squamous epithelia displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells showed membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol, the Golgi apparatus & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
NAE1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome & microtubules.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NAGPA	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Renal tubules and epithelial cells showed strong positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed distinct positivity. Cells in CNS, bile duct cells, renal glomeruli, trophoblastic cells and prostate were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
NALCN	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in several tissues including the intestinal tract, seminiferous ducts, and squamous and respiratory epithelia. Neuropil and cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
NAPRT	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Stomach, duodenum, adrenal gland and renal tubules were strongly stained. Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Neuronal and glial cells along with muscle tissues and lymph tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
NBPF1	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF10	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF11	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF12	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF14	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF15	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF19	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF20	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF26	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF3	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NBPF9	Smooth muscle cells and mature spermatids in seminiferus ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Follicle cells, heart and skeletal myocytes were moderately stained. Cilia in respiratory epithelia displayed moderate positivity. Urothelium and cells in epididymis exhibited weak nuclear immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
NCAPD2	Normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic and/or nuclear staining. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Lung alveolar cells, hepatocytes, pancreas, parathyroid, cells in glomeruli, smooth muscle and cells in the CNS were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
NCS1	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in neuronal cells and peripheral nerves. Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong membranous staining. Most of the remaining normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining.	Cilia
NDC80	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NECAB1	Cells of the CNS showed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear staining while kidney glomeruli and cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
NECAP1	The adrenal gland displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Renal tubules, colon, fibroblasts, smooth muscle and skeletal muscle were moderately positive. Additional membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells. Plasma showed moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
NEDD1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the plasma membrane.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NEFH	Cilia in respiratory epithelium of bronchus and fallopian tube showed moderate positivity. Ovarian follicle cells and peripheral nerves displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Purkinje cells, neuropil, trophoblastic cells and a subset of cells in prostate exhibited moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
NEK2	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NEK5	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and cells in seminiferous ducts of testis.,Moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was observed in respiratory epithelia, intercalated discs and ciliated epithelia of some glands in fallopian tubes. Rare testicular cells displayed moderate nuclear pattern. Strong staining in a set of glial cells in brain.	Cilia
NET1	Muscle exhibited strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Gastric parietal cells, ovarian follicular cells, trophoblasts, a subset of renal tubules and the neuropil showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells displayed positivity in luminal membranes. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
NFE2L2	centrosome	Centrosome
NFKBIB	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NGB	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in cells of CNS, cells in seminiferus ducts of testis, peripheral nerve and skeletal myocytes.  Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Glial cells showed strong nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
NIN	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NIPAL2	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Hepatocytes, renal tubules, trophoblastic cells, Leydig cells and muscle tissues were strongly stained.	Cilia
NIT2	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NLRC5	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NME5	Mainly cytoplasmic expression in ciliated tissues.,Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Alveolar macrophages, renal tubules, Leydig cells and seminal vesicle showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
NME9	Selective expression in cilia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube exhibited distinct positivity. Cardiac myocytes, smooth muscle and thyroid along with a subset of hematopoietic cells displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Subset of cells in the adrenal showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and epididymis were distinctly stained. Seminiferus ducts and uterine glands showed moderate to strong membranous staining. Cardiac myocytes showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
NODAL	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Squamous epithelia, cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and epididymis showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Additional strong membranous positivity was displayed in breast. Hematopoietic cells, mesenchymal cells, cells in CNS, liver, lung and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
NOTO	Ciliates cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong immunoreactivity. Strong cytoplasmic staining were showed in myoepithelial cells. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in prostate gland as well as in subsets of cells in spleen and bone marrow. Squamous epithelium of esophagus and oral tissues displayed distinct nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
NPFFR1	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Distinct immunoreactivity was seen in ciliated cells of epididymis and bronchus. Lung, liver, adipocytes and spleen were negative.	Cilia
NPHP4	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells.,Cilia of respiratory tract, fallopian tube and uterine glands were distinctly stained.  Cells in kidney tubules, cardiomyocytes and a subset of neuronal cells in cerebral cortex displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Salivary gland showed additional nuclear positivity. Rest of the normal tissues were mostly negative.	Cilia
NPTX2	Mainly localized to the Golgi apparatus & actin filaments. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NR6A1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NSD2	Moderate nuclear positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Cytoplasmic staining was observed in a few cases. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed additional staining. Gastrointestinal glands, esophagus, adrenal gland, neuronal cells, germinal center cells, hematopoietic cells and heart myocytes were strongly stained.	Cilia
NUDT1	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Stomach, duodenum, renal tubules and parathyroid showed strong positivity. Colon and rectum displayed additional strong membranous immunoreactivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Purkinje cells, hepatocytes, decidual cells and smooth muscle were negative.	Cilia
NUDT10	Strong staining was observed in luminal membranes of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Most other normal cell types showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and in several cases additional nuclear positivity.	Cilia
NUDT11	Strong staining was observed in luminal membranes of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Most other normal cell types showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and in several cases additional nuclear positivity.	Cilia
NUDT17	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NUDT4	Strong staining was observed in luminal membranes of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Most other normal cell types showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and in several cases additional nuclear positivity.	Cilia
NUDT4B	Strong staining was observed in luminal membranes of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Most other normal cell types showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and in several cases additional nuclear positivity.	Cilia
NUDT5	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NUP107	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the nuclear membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
NWD2	Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong staining. Urothelium exhibited strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Squamous epithelia, adrenal gland, placental trophoblasts, macrophages and Leydig cells displayed distinct cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were generally negative.	Cilia
NYAP2	Normal tissues generally showed moderate to strong nuclear staining which in cases was combined with cytoplasmic positivity. Additional membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells.	Cilia
OAS2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
OBSL1	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ODF2	Cilia in fallopian tube, nasopharynx, bronchus and endometrium were strongly stained. Spermatides, especially spermatozoa in testis displayed strong and distinct cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Cilia in fallopian tube, nasopharynx, bronchus and endometrium were strongly stained. Spermatides, especially spermatozoa in testis displayed strong and distinct cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal cells were negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
ODF2L	Normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic and nucleolar immunoreactivity. The gall bladder showed strong staining in cytoplasm while the adrenal gland displayed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear immunoreactivity. Distinct positivity was observed in cilia. Renal tubules displayed strong luminal membranous immunoreactivity. Bile duct cells, glial cells and the lymphoid tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ODF3	Strong staining was observed in sperm flagella in testis and epididymis and in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and endometrium. Moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in glial cells. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in sperm flagella.,Strong staining was observed in sperm flagella in testis and epididymis and in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and endometrium. Moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in glial cells. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Strong staining was observed in sperm flagella in testis and epididymis and in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and endometrium. Moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in glial cells. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in sperm flagella.,Strong staining was observed in sperm flagella in testis and epididymis and in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelium and endometrium. Moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in glial cells. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
ODF3B	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.	Cilia
OLA1	centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
OR4N4	Localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
OSGEPL1	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity was seen in most normal tissues. Strongest staining was observed in respiratory epithelia, hepatocytes, renal tubules, cilia in fallopian tube and cells in seminiferous ducts of testis. Alveolar cells, bile ducts, renal glomeruli and skeletal muscle cells were generally negative.	Cilia
OVOL2	Subsets of cells in CNS showed moderate to strong nuclear and nuclear membranous positivity. Cells in seminiferus duct of testis and endometrial glands showed moderate nuclear positivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes and respiratory epithelia were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
OXSR1	Normal tissues generally showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells in the fallopian tube, lymphoid tissues, basal cells in testis and prostate showed strong positivity. The CNS and muscle displayed faint positivity.	Cilia
P2RY2	Strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells. Trophoblasts showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Non-keratinized squamous epithelia showed moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
PABPC1L2A	Strong staining was displayed in subsets of nerve fibers, ciliary rootlets and superficial layers of a few squamous epithelia. Distinct plasma positivity was observed in all tissues. Smooth muscle showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Most remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
PABPC1L2B	Strong staining was displayed in subsets of nerve fibers, ciliary rootlets and superficial layers of a few squamous epithelia. Distinct plasma positivity was observed in all tissues. Smooth muscle showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Most remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
PACRG	Distinct expression in cilia in fallopian tube and endometrium.,Membranous positivity of various intensity was observed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and nasopharynx. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in a subset of cells in seminiferous ducts in testis.	Cilia
PAFAH1B1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PAOX	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PAPPA2	A subset of trophoblastic cells showed strong cytoplasmic positivity whereas a subset of cells in seminiferus ducts were moderately stained. Cilia in bronchus and fallopian tubes displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
PATJ	centrosome	Centrosome
PCDH9	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PCLAF	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PCM1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nuclear membrane & cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PCNT	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PCYT2	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the intermediate filaments.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PDILT	Moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear positivity was observed in testis, heart and skeletal myocytes. Luminal membranes in intestinal tract along with membranes of ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PDZD4	Ciliated cells in respiratory tract and seminal vesicle showed strong positivity. Trophoblastic cells, most male genitalia and cells in CNS showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PEAR1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cell junctions. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PELI1	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear positivity. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Thyroid, keratinocytes, Leydig cells and molecular layer of cerebellum displayed strong nuclear immunoreactivity. Bile ducts, follicle cells and glial cells were negative.	Cilia
PELI2	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear positivity. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Thyroid, keratinocytes, Leydig cells and molecular layer of cerebellum displayed strong nuclear immunoreactivity. Bile ducts, follicle cells and glial cells were negative.	Cilia
PEX2	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was observed in exocrine pancreas and in luminal membrane of trophoblasts. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained.	Cilia
PGBD4	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PGLS	centrosome	Centrosome
PHAX	centrosome	Centrosome
PHF20	Moderate to strong nuclear positivity was observed in squamous epithelium, gastrointestinal glands, exocrine pancreas, urothelium, adrenal cortex, chondrocytes and placenta. Additional cytoplasmic staining was displayed in few cases. Cilia in epididymis showed strong staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PHTF2	Normal cells generally displayed moderate to strong nuclear positivity. Cilia in the fallopian tube and airway epithelium were distinctly positive. Muscle and cells in the CNS were generally negative.	Cilia
PICK1	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in spermatogonia in testis, parietal cell in stomach and subset of neuronal cells in CNS. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were strongly stained.	Cilia
PIH1D3	Cytoplasmic expression in cells in seminiferous ducts and in ciliated cells in female tissues and respiratory tract.	Cilia
PIMREG	Exocrine pancreas showed strong cytoplasmic staining while Purkinje cells, cardiac myocytes, hepatocytes and stomach displayed moderate positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Prostate exhibited moderate membranous staining. Distal tubules in kidney showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PINLYP	Subset of glandular cells in intestinal tract showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelial cells, fallopian tubes and uterus were distinctly stained. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
PKDCC	Most normal tissues were negative. Membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells of nasopharynx and fallopian tube. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in pancreatic islets as well as subsets of cells in adrenal cortex and the thyroid gland.,Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Adipocytes showed strong positivity. Ciliated cells, for example in airways and fallopian tube, displayed moderate staining in luminal membranes.	Cilia
PKN2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & intermediate filaments. In addition localized to the nuclear bodies, plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PKNOX1	centrosome	Centrosome
PLAC8	Spleen, bone marrow poietic cells and lymphoid cells outside reaction center showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Salivary gland, gall bladder, pancreatic islets, prostate and uterine glands displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity with a granular pattern. Distinct membranous staining sometimes with additional granular cytoplasmic positivity was observed in gastrointestinal tract. Cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues showed moderate granular staining in a fraction of cell or were negative.	Cilia
PLAG1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & nuclear speckles. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PLAUR	Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was exhibited in exocrine pancreas, peripheral nerve, ganglion cells, renal tubules and cells in granular layer of cerebellum. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and megakaryocytes were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
PLEKHG3	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm, centrosome & cytokinetic bridge.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PLEKHG6	Mainly localized to the cell junctions. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PLEKHH1	Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Renal tubules showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Glandular cells in intestinal tract, glial cells and skeletal muscle show weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Renal tubules showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Glandular cells in intestinal tract, glial cells and skeletal muscle show weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
PLEKHS1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PLK4	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PLK5	Selective expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia with membranous expression in seminiferous ducts.,Strong membranous and cytoplasmic staining of most ciliated cells. Cytoplasmic staining was also seen in spermatogonium cells of testis. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PLLP	Strong membranous staining was observed in stomach, renal tubules, gall bladder and endometrial glands. Ciliated cells, breast, ductal cells in salivary gland, pancreas and liver displayed moderate membranous positivity. The cytoplasm in a subset of glial cells and peripheral nerves showed strong staining. Neuropil displayed a strong positivity. Remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
PLVAP	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
POFUT1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
POGZ	Moderate to strong nuclear staining in all normal tissues. Additional weak cytoplasmic staining in a few cases. Cilia in airway epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong positivity.	Cilia
POLR3H	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
POP7	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in smooth muscle cells. Cilia in the respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and epididymis were strongly stained. Gastrointestinal tract, adrenal gland, neuronal cells and skeletal muscle cells showed moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PPIL6	Distinct expresion mainly in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Additional strong staining was observed in endothelial cells. Exocrine pancreas, endometrial glands and a subset of cells in seminferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Strong ciliary positivity was observed in a subset of glandular cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelial cells. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PPP1R32	Distinct ciliary expression in testis, fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Purkinje cells and subsets of cells in seminiferus ducts displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong staining. Adrenal cortical cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PPP2R1B	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm, plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PPP2R5D	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in gallbladder, exocrine pancreas, gastrointestinal goblet cells and subsets of immune cells. Ciliated cells displayed strong membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
PPP4R3B	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & nuclear speckles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PRIM2	centrosome	Centrosome
PRKACG	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in seminiferous ducts in testis. Moderate immunoreactivity in renal distal tubules, peripheral ganglia, adrenal gland and in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PRKAR2A	Moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was observed in normal tissues. Cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were strongly stained.	Cilia
PRKCD	Centrosome	Centrosome
PRKCI	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in several normal tissues. The gastric mucosa showed strong cytoplasmic positivity while epididymis and fallopian tube showed strong cilia staining. Liver, ovary, myocytes, cells in CNS and lymphoid tissue were generally negative.	Cilia
PROM1	Glandular cells generally displayed strong positivity in luminal membranes often combined with additional weak cytoplasmic staining. Cilia showed distinct immunoreactivity. Remaining normal cell types were in general negative.	Cilia
PROSER2	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues with distinct expression in cilia rootlets and microvilli.	Cilia
PRRT1	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and nuclear staining was displayed in neurons and processes in CNS. Additional moderate to strong membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and endometrium. Remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
PSD4	Most of the normal cells showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Additional membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells and endometrial glands. The liver, myocytes, breast and placental decidual cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG1	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG11	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG3	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG4	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG5	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG6	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG7	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG8	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSG9	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in stomach, placental trophoblasts, Leydig cells, melanocytes and peripheral nerve. Endothelium and fibroblasts were strongly stained. Cilia and luminal membranes in colon showed distinct positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PSMA1	centrosome	Centrosome
PSMB5	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
PTK2B	A majority of the normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining. The adrenal gland showed strong nuclear staining in subsets of cells while the fallopian tube displayed strong staining in cilia. Liver, glial cells, myocytes and lymphoid cells outside the reaction centra were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PTMA	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Additional nuclear staining was observed in squamous epithelia, cervix, adrenal glands, nasopharynx, breast, epididymis and thyroid glands.	Cilia
PTPRA	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Strong immunoreactivity was observed in skeletal muscle, heart and cilia of respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube. The spleen, parathyroid, liver and most glial cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
PTPRCAP	Lymphoid tissues and paneth cells in small intestine displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. A fraction of cilia in respiratory epithelial tract and fallopian tube showed distinct staining. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in hematopoietic cells, heart and skeletal muscle cells. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
PXN	Mainly localized to the focal adhesion sites. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
QRICH2	Expression in sperm flagella.,Strong positivity was observed in sperm flagella in testis and epididymis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Flagella
QRSL1	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAB22A	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAB23	Normal tissues generally displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional membranous staining. Strong staining was for example observed in ciliated cells and muscle. Lymphoid cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Normal tissues generally displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional membranous staining. Strong staining was for example observed in ciliated cells and muscle. Lymphoid cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
RAB26	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & vesicles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAB3A	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAB3GAP1	centrosome	Centrosome
RABL2A	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to vesicles.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RABL2B	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to vesicles.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RABL6	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAPGEF2	Localized to the nucleoplasm, centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAPGEF6	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RAPSN	Localized to the plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RASA1	Strong cytoplasmic staining was found in trophoblastic cells and ciliated cells. Remaining tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
RASGEF1A	Smooth muscle and a subset of glial cells displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cilia in airway epithelium and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Moderate staining was observed in exocrine pancreas and adrenal cortex. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RBKS	The small intestine, renal tubules, ciliated cells, hepatocytes and basal cells in seminiferous ducts were strongly stained. Squamous epithelia, male genitalia, glial cells, muscle and lymphoid tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
RETNLB	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic or membranous staining was observed in gastrointestinal tract including rectum. Additional positivity was observed in cilia.	Cilia
RFPL4A	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RFPL4AL1	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RFX6	Enteroendocrine cells and pancreatic islets displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated epithelia of respiratory tract and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Fraction of neuronal cells and Leydig cells showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RGL4	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RGS17	The majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate nuclear positivity. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Subset of cells in seminiferous ducts of testis displayed strong nuclear staining. Cells of CNS, liver, ovary, smooth muscle and lymphoid tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
RHBDL1	Normal tissue showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Lymphoid tissues and glial cells were negative.	Cilia
RHEBL1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RHOU	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Liver, neuronal cells, spleen, adipocytes and hematopoietic cells were negative.	Cilia
RIBC2	Cilia in respiratory tract and fallopian tube displayed strong positivity. Distinct cytoplasmic staining was observed in submucosal ganglia of the intestine. Furthermore, strong positivity was found in neuroendocrine cells of the gastrointestinal tract. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was found in salivary ducts, breast, heart muscle and a subset of cells in CNS. Remaining normal cells were in general negative.	Cilia
RIIAD1	Distinct expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes displayed distinct staining. Follicle in ovary, adrenal gland along with fraction of cells in gallbladder and salivary glands exhibited moderate immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RINT1	A majority of the normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was seen in Purkinje cells and in ciliated cells of bronchus and fallopian tubes. Squamous epithelia, bile duct cells and lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
RLBP1	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RMDN1	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the actin filaments.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RNASE2	Subsets of cells in bode marrow and red pulp of spleen along with renal tubules displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Distinct membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RNF39	Localized to the plasma membrane, centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RNH1	Most normal cells showed moderate cytoplasmic staining with additional nuclear positivity in several cases. Membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells. The liver, pancreas, breast, small intestine, endometrial glands, glial cells and lymphoid tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ROPN1	Expressed in sperm flagella.	Flagella
ROPN1B	Expressed in sperm flagella.	Flagella
ROPN1L	Expression in cells of seminiferous ducts and cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory tract and uterus.,Ciliated cells of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were distinctly stained. Goblet cells of intestinal tract and subset of cells in seminiferous ducts exhibited moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Squamous epithelia displayed weak to moderate  staining. Remaining normal tissues negative.,Cilia of respiratory tract and fallopian tube along with a subset of cells in uterine gland showed strong positivity. A subset of cells in intestinal tract exhibited strong cytoplasmic staining while renal tubules and cells in seminiferus ducts displayed moderate immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RPGRIP1	Cytoplasmic expression in photoreceptor cells. Additional expression in flagella in testis and in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in segments of photoreceptor cells in retina. Flagella of spermatozoa and in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands were distinctly stained. Subsets of renal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in photoreceptor cells. Additional expression in flagella in testis and in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in segments of photoreceptor cells in retina. Flagella of spermatozoa and in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands were distinctly stained. Subsets of renal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in photoreceptor cells. Additional expression in flagella in testis and in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in segments of photoreceptor cells in retina. Flagella of spermatozoa and in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands were distinctly stained. Subsets of renal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.<br>Cytoplasmic expression in photoreceptor cells. Additional expression in flagella in testis and in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in segments of photoreceptor cells in retina. Flagella of spermatozoa and in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands were distinctly stained. Subsets of renal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
RPL22L1	Renal tubules and lung showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Glandular cells in thyroid and epididymis showed moderate immunoreactivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes and respiratory epithelium in bronchus showed moderate membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RPL32	centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RPUSD3	Purkinje cells displayed strong cytoplasmic and nucleolar staining while fractions of cells in adrenal cortex, bone marrow and large intestine displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia displayed positivity in cilia. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RRAD	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional nuclear staining in a few cases. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and a subset of inflammatory cells were strongly stained. Pneumocytes, bile ducts, adipocytes and spleen were negative.	Cilia
RRAGD	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
RSPH1	Cytoplasmic expression in spermatids and distinct expression in ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, ependymal cells in lateral ventricle and fallopian tube.,Strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells of the respiratory tracts and fallopian tube while subtypes of cells in endometrial gland and seminiferus ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Ciliated cells showed strong positivity in cytoplasm and membranes. Ependymal cells and subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity while cells in gastric mucosa displayed weak positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Cytoplasmic expression in spermatids and distinct expression in ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia, ependymal cells in lateral ventricle and fallopian tube.,Strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells of the respiratory tracts and fallopian tube while subtypes of cells in endometrial gland and seminiferus ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Ciliated cells showed strong positivity in cytoplasm and membranes. Ependymal cells and subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity while cells in gastric mucosa displayed weak positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
RSPH10B	Ciliary expression in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Myocytes showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes and respiratory epithelium exhibited strong immunoreactivity. Gastrointestinal glands, glandular cells in breast, exocrine pancreas, decidua and subset of cells in seminiferus ducts displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RSPH10B2	Expressed in the cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Myocytes showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes and respiratory epithelium exhibited strong immunoreactivity. Gastrointestinal glands, glandular cells in breast, exocrine pancreas, decidua and subset of cells in seminiferus ducts displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RSPH14	Expressed mainly in cilia in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelium. Also expressed in male tissues and squamous epithelia.,Strong cilia staining was displayed in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and in respiratory tract. Strong nuclear and cytoplasmic staining was observed in several tissues including testis, epididymis and prostate. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RSPH3	Most of the normal cells showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity combined with nuclear staining in several cases. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Renal tubules, adrenal gland, subsets of skeletal muscle cells and Purkinje cells were strongly stained. Glial cells and weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RSPH4A	Selective expression in ciliated cells.,Strong cytoplasmic and membranous immunoreactivity was observed in gall bladder and seminal vesicle as well as ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube while intestinal paneth cells showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Gastric mucosa and prostate were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Ciliated cells showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Luminal membranous staining was observed in renal tubuels and small intestine. The remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate, often granular, cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining while gastric mucosa, exocrine pancreas, renal tubules, endometrial glands and prostate were showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Liver, glial cells and most lymphoid cells were negative.	Cilia
RSPH9	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube and the uterine tract, respiratory tract and in testis.,Strong staining was observed in cilia of fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands. Moderate positivity was displayed in cytoplasm of ciliated cells and subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts. Most other tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
RUBCN	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in subset of immune cells in several tissues including spleen and bone marrow. Leydig cells showed strong nuclear staining. Bronchus, fallopian tubes and cervical glands displayed distinct staining in the cilia. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RUNDC3B	A majority of normal cells including the gastrointestinal tract, exocrine pancreas, renal tubules and peripheral nerves displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Distinct membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
RUVBL1	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in seminiferous duct cells, ciliated cells and a subset of glandular cells in endometrium. Hepatocytes and glial cells were negative.,Most of the normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was observed in ciliated cells, gastric mucosa and subsets of endometrial glandular cells.	Cilia
RUVBL2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SAC3D1	Weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes were stained. Distinct positivity was observed in endothelial cells. Purkinje cells, fallopian tube, bronchus, gall bladder, renal tubules and decidual cells were strongly stained.	Cilia
SAMD15	Normal tissues displayed moderate to strong nuclear immunoreactivity. Cilia displayed strong staining.	Cilia
SAXO1	Distinct expression in spermatozoa and in ciliated cells in fallopian tube.	Cilia
SAXO2	Distinct expression of cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian glandular cells.,Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and subset of endometrial glands were distinctly stained. Gastrointestinal glands and gallbladder exhibited weak cytoplasmic and/or membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.,Strong staining was observed in cilia of respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrial glands. Other tissues were negative.	Cilia
SCN11A	A majority of normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Neuropil and astrocytes were distinctly stained. Membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells and the intestine. Neurons as well as a majority of cells in female genitalia and the lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
SDAD1	Seminiferous duct cells, squamosu epithelia, urothelium and neuronal cells displayed weak to moderate nucleolar staining. Ciliated cells showed distinct cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
SDCCAG8	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SEC14L4	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SECTM1	Most of the normal cells displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional membranous or nuclear staining in several cases. Ciliated epithelium of respiratory tract and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Gastrointestinal tract, fallopian tube and seminal vesicle were strongly stained. Placental trophoblasts and smooth muscle cells were negative.	Cilia
SEMA4F	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SEPT10	centrosome	Centrosome
SERGEF	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic and nucleolar positivity. Neuronal cells in CNS, thyroid, seminiferous ducts and ciliated cells displayed strong immunoreactivity.	Cilia
SERINC5	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SERPINB6	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SFTPA1	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in alveolar macrophages and subset of pneumocytes. Gall bladder, epididymis, peripheral nerve and neuropil were moderately stained. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately positive. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or generally negative.	Cilia
SGTB	Salivary glands showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Molecular layer of cerebellum and neuronal cells showed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. A subset of lymphoid cells and prostate displayed moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining. Cilia of fallopian tube were also moderately stained. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
SH3PXD2A	Most of the normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity combined with membranous staining in few cases. Squamous epithelium, pancreatic islets and placental trophoblasts were strongly stained. Ciliated cells showed distinct membranous staining. Cells in reaction centers in lymphoid tissues and cells in exocrine pancreas were negative.	Cilia
SH3PXD2B	Normal tissues generally showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Membranous staining was for example observed in the salivary gland. Fractions of ciliated cells displayed strong immunoreactivity. Liver, kidney, myocytes, neuronal cells and lymphoid tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SH3RF3	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SHANK3	Neuronal cells in CNS showed strong nuclear and cytoplasmic staining. Endothelial cells and neuropil were positive. Moderate cytoplasmic and/or membranous positivity was observed in exocrine pancreas, renal glomderuli, ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
SHPRH	Most normal tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining which in some cells was combined with nuclear positivity. Strong positivity was observed in cilia of cells in fallopian tube and airways.	Cilia
SKA3	Mainly localized to the microtubules. In addition localized to the cytosol, centrosome & mitotic spindle.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SLAIN2	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SLC12A1	Strong membranous positivity was observed in subsets of distal tubules. Moderate membranous staining was observed in ciliated cells while endothelium and subsets of cells in the large intestine showed cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
SLC18A2	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SLC19A3	Membranous expression most abundant in placenta, kidney and ciliated cells.,Strong granular cytoplasmic positivity was observed in renal tubules and exocrine pancreas. Cilia of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was strongly stained. Strong membranous positivity was observed in trophoblastic cells. Epidermis, breast, smooth muscle and lymphoid tissues were negative. Remaining normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Nuclear staining was observed in neuronal cells and in seminiferus ducts.	Cilia
SLC1A4	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SLC22A18	Moderate to strong membranous staining was displayed in microvilli of small intestinal glandular cells, ciliated cells in airway epithelia, fallopian tube and endometrium and in glandular cells in salivary gland. All other normal tissues were essentially negative.	Cilia
SLC22A25	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Colon, hepatocytes, gall bladder, Purkinje cells and respiratory epithelia exhibited strong positivity. Cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia were distinctly stained. Spleen and most glial cells were negative.	Cilia
SLC23A1	Luminal expression in small intestine and kidney. Also expression in ciliated cells.,Moderate granular cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in nasopharynx, lower stomach, urothelial cells and neuronal cells of hippocampus. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube were strongly stained. Strong luminal membranous staining was exhibited in small intestine and renal tubules. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
SLC24A1	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in photoreceptor cell segments and subset of nerve fibers. Subset of cells in renal tubules, seminiferous ducts, epididymis, small intestine, heart and skeletal muscle cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Respiratory epithelial cells, cilia in fallopian tubes and few adrenal glands displayed membranous positivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SLC24A3	Normal tissues showed moderate to strong granular cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong positivity. Lung, liver, cells in glomeruli, squamous epithelia, placental trophoblasts, myocytes along with glial cells and the lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
SLC34A1	Weak to moderate nuclear positivity was observed in squamous epithelial cells and hematopoietic cells. Renal tubules, skeletal and heart myocytes showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells of bronchus and fallopian tube were moderately positive. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SLC34A2	Pneumocytes displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes, respiratory epithelium along with luminal membrane in endometrial glands and seminal vesicles showed strong membranous positivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SLC43A2	Gastric mucosa, the adrenal gland and trophoblastic cells showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining while fallopian tube displayed strong immunoreactivity in cilia. Most remaining cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SLC44A3	The intestinal tract, adrenal gland, renal tubules, urinary bladder, glandular cells of uterus, testis, heart and skeletal muscles displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Superficial cells in stomach along with ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinct stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
SLC44A4	Moderate cytoplasmic staining with additional membranous positivity in several cases was observed in adrenal gland, breast, neuronal cells, cervical glands, renal tubules, gastro-intestinal glands, islets of Langerhans and chondrocytes. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SLC45A1	Neuronal cells in the CNS displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Moderate positivity was observed in glomeruli in kidney and ciliated cells in fallopian tube. Remaining tissues were negative.	Cilia
SLC5A1	Intestinal tract, gallbladder and bile ducts showed moderate to strong luminal membranous positivity. Renal tubules exhibited moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity whereas stereocilia in epididymis was strongly stained. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SLC5A6	Cilia in the epididymis showed strong staining. Moderate cytoplasmic and  membranous staining was observed in placental trophoblasts, squamous epithelia, breast and intestinal tract. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SLC6A14	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity was observed in a large subset of normal tissues including, squamous epithelia, lymphoid tissues, placenta and male reproductive organs. Squamous epithelium displayed strong membranous, nuclear and cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract were strongly stained. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SLC7A10	Most normal tissues displayed moderate nuclear positivity. Cilia showed strong membranous positivity. Glandular cells of cervix showed strong nuclear positivity. Liver and lymphoid cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SLC9A3R1	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was observed in glandular and ciliated cells. Remaining normal cells were generally negative.	Cilia
SLC9A6	Most normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity, with a granular or distinct dot like pattern. Intercalated discs of heart were moderately stained. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube were strongly stained. Breast, placental trophoblasts, glial cells, cerebellum and adipocytes were weakly stained or generally negative.	Cilia
SLC9A7	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous staining. Fallopian tube and bronchus displayed strong positivity in cilia while renal tubules displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Islets of Langerhans, cells in glomeruli, trophoblastic cells, prostate, Purkinje cells, hematopoietic cells and myocytes were negative.	Cilia
SMAD4	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SMAD7	centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SMIM18	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SMIM24	Strong staining was observed in brush border of intestinal tract and renal proximal tubules, and in stereocilia of epididymis. Ovarian follicles showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Respiratory and squamous epithelia, stomach and hepatocytes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
SMIM34A	Leydig cells displayed strong nuclear positivity. Gall bladder, exocrine pancreas, adrenal cortex and bone marrow poietic cells were moderately stained. Ciliated cells showed additional distinct membranous staining. Remaining normal cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SMIM34B	Leydig cells displayed strong nuclear positivity. Gall bladder, exocrine pancreas, adrenal cortex and bone marrow poietic cells were moderately stained. Ciliated cells showed additional distinct membranous staining. Remaining normal cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SNAP29	centrosome	Centrosome
SNAP91	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SNCG	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nuclear bodies.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SNRNP200	Most normal tissues displayed moderate nuclear staining, additional cytoplasmic staining was also seen in many tissues. Gastro intestinal tract, urothelium, cells in ductus seminiferus, trophoblasts in placenta, ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube showed strong immunoreactivity. Liver and myocytes were negative or weakly stained.	Cilia
SNTN	Selective expression in cilia.,Cilia of respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tube were moderately to strongly stained. Weak cytoplasmic, nuclear and membranous staining was observed in gastric glands while renal proximal tubules displayed moderate membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia were strongly stained in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SORBS1	Mainly localized to the focal adhesion sites. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SP140L	Few glands in stomach displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Rare myocytes in heart showed moderate nuclear positivity. Cilia in fallopian tubes and nasopharynx were weakly stained. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SP6	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome & mitotic spindle.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SPA17	Cytoplasmic expression in cells of seminiferous ducts and in cilia.,Strong cytoplasmic or membranous positivity was observed in testis seminiferous ducts and in ciliated cells of fallopian tube, epididymis and airway epithelia. Additional moderate to strong membranous staining was found in a few more tissues, including intestinal microvilli and cells in kidney.	Cilia
SPACA9	Disticnt expression in flagella and cilia.,Strong positivity was displayed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and a subset of uterine gland were strongly stained. Squamous epithelia and intestinal glands displayed weak cytoplasmic positivity while small intestine exhibited moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Disticnt expression in flagella and cilia.,Strong positivity was displayed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Disticnt expression in flagella and cilia.,Strong positivity was displayed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia, fallopian tube and a subset of uterine gland were strongly stained. Squamous epithelia and intestinal glands displayed weak cytoplasmic positivity while small intestine exhibited moderate staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Disticnt expression in flagella and cilia.,Strong positivity was displayed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and flagella in testis. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
SPAG1	Cytoplasmic expression in seminiferous ducts and in ciliated cells of the respiratory tract, fallopian tube, uterus and efferent ducts of epididymis.,Strong staining was observed in gastric mucosa, adrenal cortex and seminal vesicle. The gall bladder and ciliated cells exhibited moderate staining. A majority of normal tissues displayed weak cytoplasmic staining occasionally combined with nuclear positivity or were negative.	Cilia
SPAG17	Distinct expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory tract. Also expressed in seminiferous ducts.,Distinc staining of cilia was observed in fallopian and respiratory epithelia showed. Subsets of immune cells showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Other cell types were weakly stained or negative.,Distinct positivity was observed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Essentially all normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SPAG6	Selective expression in cilia in several tissues.,Strong cilia positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelial cells and glandular cells of fallopian tube, while ependymal cells of the lateral ventricle showed cytoplasmic staining. Spermatids, spermatocytes and flagella of spermatozoa showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity.  Essentially all remaining cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Strong cilia positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelial cells and glandular cells of fallopian tube, while ependymal cells of the lateral ventricle showed cytoplasmic staining. Spermatids, spermatocytes and flagella of spermatozoa showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity.  Essentially all remaining cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Selective expression in cilia in several tissues.,Strong cilia positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelial cells and glandular cells of fallopian tube, while ependymal cells of the lateral ventricle showed cytoplasmic staining. Spermatids, spermatocytes and flagella of spermatozoa showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity.  Essentially all remaining cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Strong cilia positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelial cells and glandular cells of fallopian tube, while ependymal cells of the lateral ventricle showed cytoplasmic staining. Spermatids, spermatocytes and flagella of spermatozoa showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity.  Essentially all remaining cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
SPAG8	Cytoplasmic expression in ciliated cells and cells in seminiferous ducts.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong staining. Subset of cells in seminiferus ducts displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
SPATA13	Gastrointestinal glands, adrenal cortex, renal tubules and subsets of neuronal cells displayed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Glial cells, breast, prostate, hematopoietic cells and lymphoid tissues were generally negative. Remaining normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity.	Cilia
SPATA17	Cytoplasmic expression in a subset of cells in seminiferous ducts and cilia expression in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.,Strong cilia staining was observed in fallopian tube and respiratory tract. Subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts showed strong cytoplasmic positivity. Moderate nuclear staining in neuronal cells. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
SPATA18	Expression mainly in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and endometrium. Cytoplasmic expression in cells in seminiferous ducts.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube as well as a subset of cells in seminiferus ducts displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Gall bladder, exocrine pancreas, thyroid gland, adrenal cortical cells, placental trophoblastic cells and Leydig cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SPATA7	Cytoplasmic expression in spermatids and expression of ciliary rootlets in retina, fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a subset of cells in seminiferous  ducts while ciliated cells showed membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SPEF1	Expression in cilia in fallopian tube, testis and respiratory epithelium.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia, glandular cells in prostate and cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate membranous or cytoplasmic staining. Other tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
SPEF2	Expression in cilia of fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Cilia in fallopian tube and in respiratory epithelia showed moderate to strong immunoreactivity. Remaining tissues were in general negative.,Cilia in fallopian tubes, respiratory epithelium and epididymis showed strong positivity. Renal tubules and salivary ducts exhibited weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SPHK1	The gastrointestinal tract, exocrine pancreas, renal tubules and parathyroid gland showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia were distinctly stained in respiratory epithelia, epididymis and fallopian tube. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
SPI1	Moderate to strong nuclear immunoreactivity was displayed in hematopoietic cells, lymphoid cells, alveolar macrophages and Langerhans cells. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Adrenal gland showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.	Cilia
SPICE1	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SPINK8	Ciliated cells in respiratory cells, fallopian tube and uterus displayed strong dot-like apical staining. Intestinal tract showed luminal membranous staining. Moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in adrenal gland, thyroid, urothelial cells, testis, fraction of neuronal cells, basal layer in squamous epithelia, smooth and skeletal muscle cells. Remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
SPPL2B	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & plasma membrane. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
SSTR4	A subset of hematopoietic cells and gastric glands showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Few cilia in respiratory epithelial cells of bronchus showed moderate staining. Neuropil and a few neuronal cells displayed weak immunoreactivity. Other normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ST7L	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
STAM	Normal tissues generally showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. The thyroid displayed strong positivity. Renal tubules and parathyroid displayed additional membranous positivity. Cilia showed distinct staining. Pneumocytes, renal glomeruli, glial cells, smooth and skeletal muscle cells were negative.	Cilia
STAT5A	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Additional strong membranous staining was exhibited in ciliated cells. Lung, liver, pancreas, glial cells, neurons, smooth muscle and adipocytes were negative.	Cilia
STAT5B	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Additional strong membranous staining was exhibited in ciliated cells. Lung, liver, pancreas, glial cells, neurons, smooth muscle and adipocytes were negative.	Cilia
STK26	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol, the Golgi apparatus & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
STK32A	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
STMND1	Highly expressed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Strong ciliary positivity was observed in respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
STOM	Most normal tissues were weakly stained or negative. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in small intestine, liver, kidney and subsets of cells in lymphoid tissues. Gallbladder, epididymis and respiratory epithelia showed moderate luminal membranous or cilia positivity.	Cilia
STOML3	Expressed in cilia in female tissues and respiratory tract.,Moderate to strong cilia staining was observed in bronchus, nasopharynx, endometrium, endocervix and fallopian tube. Essentially all remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
SUGCT	Most normal tissues displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was observed in renal tubules, respiratory epithelial and seminiferous duct cells. Cilia in fallopian tube showed distinct staining.	Cilia
SYNJ1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TAF1L	Strong membranous positivity was displayed in epididymis. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Distal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic, nuclear and membranous immunoreactivity. Subset of cells in hematopoietic cells and renal glomeruli showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity while moderate membranous staining was observed in heart myocytes. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
TAGLN	Smooth muscle and myoepithelial cells exhibited strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia and the bruch border in parts of the intestine showed moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
TAMM41	Ciliated cell sin respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube displayed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. A subset of cells in endometrial glands were moderately stained. Other normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
TASP1	Parietal cells of stomach showed strong cytoplasmic positivity while strong membranous staining was observed in renal tubules and trophoblastic cells. Transitional epithelia, intestinal tract, glandular cells in male genital tract, lymphoid tissues, cilia in airway epithelium and fallopian tube displayed moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TBC1D31	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TBX15	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TCEA2	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TCEAL3	Cytoplasmic expression in spermatids of seminiferous ducts, brain and ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory tract.	Cilia
TCEAL9	Moderate cytoplasmic staining in several tissues. Strong staining in pancreas, thyroid gland, cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and in subsets of cells in gastrointestinal tract. Squamous epithelia, mesenchymal cells and lymphoid cells were generally negative.	Cilia
TCHP	Ciliated cells, the intestine, hepatocytes, gallbladder, renal tubules and placental trophoblasts showed distinct membranous positivity. Neurons and a fraction of glial cells showed moderate staining in nuclear membranes. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Localized to the plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Ciliated cells, the intestine, hepatocytes, gallbladder, renal tubules and placental trophoblasts showed distinct membranous positivity. Neurons and a fraction of glial cells showed moderate staining in nuclear membranes. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Localized to the plasma membrane, cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
TCTEX1D4	Distinct expression in cilia in fallopian tube and bronchus.,Moderate positivity was displayed in cilia of bronchus and fallopian tube. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
TCTN2	Cytoplasmic expression in several cell types. Distinct expression in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.	Cilia
TCTN3	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in gastrointestinal glands, placenta, fallopian tube and muscle cells. Ciliated cells showed distinct membranous staining.	Cilia
TDO2	Normal tissues generally showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. The adrenal gland, thyroid, skeletal and smooth muscle cells exhibited strong positivity. Lymphoid tissues and glial cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TDRKH	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TECPR2	centrosome	Centrosome
TEKT1	Ciliary and cytoplasmic expression in respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tube.,Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Exocrine pancreas showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Remaining normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear staining or were negative.,Urothelial cells, prostate and epididymis showed strong granular cytoplasmic staining. The neuronal cells of cerebral cortex, hepatocytes, respiratory epithelium of nasopharynx, trophoblastic cells, salivary gland, seminal vesicle and uterine gland showed moderate positivity. Cilia of fallopian tube and and respiratory epithelium of bronchus showed strong positivity. Leydig cells showed moderate nuclear staining. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TEKT2	Expression in cilia of cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia.,Most normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells in airway epithelia and fallopian tube showed strong staining. Lymphoid tissues and bone marrow poietic cells were negative.	Cilia
TEKT3	Expression in cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube, and flagella in testis.,Cells in glomeruli showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining. A fraction of trophoblastic cells showed strong membranous positivity. Smooth muscle displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity while skeletal myocytes showed moderate positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube, and flagella in testis.<br>Expression in cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube, and flagella in testis.,Cells in glomeruli showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous staining. A fraction of trophoblastic cells showed strong membranous positivity. Smooth muscle displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity while skeletal myocytes showed moderate positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Expression in cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube, and flagella in testis.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
TEKT4	Expressed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and spermatid flagella.,Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining with additional nuclear positivity in few cases. Cilia were distinctly stained. Bile ducts, glial cells, lymphoid tissues and smooth muscle cells were negative.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia of fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelia, and flagella of late spermatids in testis. A few lymphoid cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity with a granular pattern. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.<br>Expressed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and spermatid flagella.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia of fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelia, and flagella of late spermatids in testis. A few lymphoid cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity with a granular pattern. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.<br>Expressed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and spermatid flagella.,Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining with additional nuclear positivity in few cases. Cilia were distinctly stained. Bile ducts, glial cells, lymphoid tissues and smooth muscle cells were negative.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia of fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelia, and flagella of late spermatids in testis. A few lymphoid cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity with a granular pattern. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.<br>Expressed in cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia and spermatid flagella.,Strong positivity was observed in cilia of fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelia, and flagella of late spermatids in testis. A few lymphoid cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity with a granular pattern. Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
TEX12	Moderate nuclear positivity was observed in cells in seminiferus ducts of testis. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in a subset of lymphoid cells outside reaction centra, glial cells, respiratory epithelia and ciliated cells in fallopian tube. Neuronal cells and cells in molecular layer of cerebellum were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
TFAP2A	Strong nuclear positivity was observed in trophoblastic cells. Squamous epithelial cells, cilia in the respiratory epithelia and fallopian tubes were moderate stained. Remaining cells were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TGIF2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
THAP6	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TLR10	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TM6SF2	Fallopian tubes showed strong cytoplasmic and cilia staining. Subset of cells in adrenal gland displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Subset of hematopoietic cells and neuropil were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
TMC3	centrosome	Centrosome
TMEM116	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained. Colon, stomach, Purkinje cells and exocrine pancreas showed strong staining. Bile duct cells, cardiac myocytes, spleen and glial cells were mainly negative.	Cilia
TMEM117	Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube displayed strong positivity. A fraction of cells in the small intestine showed strong cytoplasmic staining while heart and skeletal muscle were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
TMEM132C	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TMEM138	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, highly abundant in cilia.,Most of the normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Strong staining was observed in glomeruli whereas distinct staining of cilia was observed in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. Most cells of female genitalia, breast, glial cells, lymphoid tissues, urothelia, smooth and skeletal muscle cells were negative.	Cilia
TMEM158	Expression in several cell types, mainly in astrocytes, ciliated cells in fallopian tube and uterine tract and in smooth muscle cells.,Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in subsets of glial cells and processes in CNS, peripheral ganglion, smooth muscle cells and cilia in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and endometrium. Moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in a few other tissues, including small intestines.	Cilia
TMEM161A	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional membranous staining in several cases. Processes in CNS, and cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained.	Cilia
TMEM169	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TMEM170B	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TMEM171	Most of the normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic which in some cases was combined with nuclear staining. Ciliated cells and subsets of cells in seminiferus ducts were strongly stained. Pancreas, breast, glial cells, Purkinje cells and lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
TMEM173	Ciliated cells, alveolar macrophages, squamous epithelia in tonsil and subsets of glandular cells in appendix were strongly stained. Normal tissues in general displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Adrenal cortex, glial cells, Purkinje cells, bile ducts and smooth muscle cells were negative.	Cilia
TMEM231	Expression in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, respiratory tract and endometrial glands.,Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands, and also in neuronal cells. Most other cell types were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TMEM237	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues. Distinct expression in cilia.,Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed strong staining. Salivary glands, intestine, exocrine pancreas, adrenal glands, cardiomyocytes and epididymis showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Other normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity with additional membranous staining in few. Cilia in fallopian tubes and respiratory epithelial cell in bronchus along with subset of renal tubules showed strong immunoreactivity. Cells in CNS, soft tissues, liver, trophoblasts, uterus, ovary and myocytes in skeletal muscles were in general negative.	Cilia
TMEM253	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in basal layers of squamous epithelial cells. Small intestinal glands, gall bladder and hematopoietic cells were moderately stained. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia were moderately positive. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TMEM63C	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TMEM86B	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the midbody.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TNK2	Normal tissues generally showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells displayed strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity. Bile duct cells and glial cells were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TPPP3	Cytoplasmic and nuclear expression in ependymal cells, in a subset of glial cells, in ciliated cells in fallopian tube, endometrium and respiratory epithelium.	Cilia
TRAF3IP1	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, including cilia.,Moderate to strong cytoplasmic and membranous positivity was displayed in stomach, hepatocytes, exocrine pancreas, adrenal gland, renal tubules, testis, Purkinje cells and muscle tissues. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Salivary gland, stomach, subsets of renal tubules and cells in seminiferous ducts showed strong positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube were strongly stained.	Cilia
TRANK1	Distinct luminal expression of ciliated cells in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia. Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues.,Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelia displayed strong positivity. Ductal cells in the salivary gland displayed strong cytoplasmic staining while the adrenal gland, breast, liver and parathyroid were moderately positive. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
TRDMT1	Mainly localized to the nucleoli. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TREH	Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in hepatocytes, renal tubules and glandular cells of cervix. Luminal membranous staining was observed in small intestinal glands. Subset of ciliated cells in fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
TRIM2	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TRIM34	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TRIM38	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the plasma membrane & cell junctions.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TRIM6-TRIM34	Mainly localized to the centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TRIM65	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous staining. Intestinal and purkinje cells showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Ciliated cells and squamous epithelium of oral mucosa showed moderate cytoplasmic and membranous immunoreactivity. The liver, CNS, myocytes and reaction center cells of lymphoid tissues were negative or weakly stained.	Cilia
TRPV3	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TSEN2	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TSPYL1	Normal tissues generally displayed weak to moderate nuclear and nucleolar staining. Renal tubules, neuronal cells and decidual cells showed strong nuclear positivity while subsets of immune cells displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cilia in airway epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly positive. Glial cells, lung and liver were negative.	Cilia
TTBK2	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues including cilia in fallopian tube and sperm in testis.,Weak cytoplasmic and occasionally nuclear positivity was observed in most normal tissues. Respiratory epithelia, gall bladder, epididymis, smooth muscle cells and ciliated cells in fallopian tube were moderately stained.	Cilia
TTC17	Most glandular, trophoblastic and urothelial cells, and cells in renal tubules showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Additional membranous positivity was observed in several cases. Cilia of respiratory epithelium and fallopian tube, and stereocilia of epididymis were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TTC21A	centrosome	Centrosome
TTC23	Trophoblastic cells showed strong cytoplasmic staining while ciliated cells showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Liver, stromal cells, pancreatic islets and most cells in CNS were negative. Normal tissues in general showed weak to moderate positivity.	Cilia
TTC23L	Strong nuclear positivity was displayed in cells in seminiferus ducts of testis. Cilia in bronchus was moderately stained. Adrenal gland and renal tubules showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Duodenum, epididymis, fallopian tube and salivary gland displayed weak membranous immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or mostly negative.	Cilia
TTC25	Cytoplasmic expression in seminiferous ducts and distinct cilia expression in fallopian tube, endometrium and airway epithelia.,Strong staining was observed in cilia in fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and endometrial glands. Moderate cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts. Remaining cell types were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TTC26	Cytoplasmic expression in few tissues, distinct in cilia.	Cilia
TTC29	Expression in a few tissues, including ciliated cells in fallopian tube.,Respiratory epithelia, testis, hepatocytes, thyroid, seminal vesicles and gastrointestinal tract displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Subset of fallopian tube cilia were distinctly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
TTC30A	Expression in cilia in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and uterus with additional cytoplasmic expression in testis.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Renal glomeruli showed moderate membranous staining. Hematopoietic cells exhibited strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and follicle cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and epididymis were distinctly stained. A subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Expression in cilia in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and uterus with additional cytoplasmic expression in testis.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Renal glomeruli showed moderate membranous staining. Hematopoietic cells exhibited strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and follicle cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and epididymis were distinctly stained. A subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
TTC30B	Selective expression in cilia in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and uterus with additional cytoplasmic expression in testis.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Renal glomeruli showed moderate membranous staining. Hematopoietic cells exhibited strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and follicle cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and epididymis were distinctly stained. A subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Selective expression in cilia in respiratory epithelium, fallopian tube and uterus with additional cytoplasmic expression in testis.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Renal glomeruli showed moderate membranous staining. Hematopoietic cells exhibited strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cells in seminiferus ducts of testis and follicle cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.,Cilia in the respiratory epithelia, fallopian tubes and epididymis were distinctly stained. A subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Remaining normal tissues were negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
TTC39A	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TTC6	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TTI2	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TTLL4	General cytoplasmic expression, most abundant in cilia of respiratory epithelia and epididymis.,Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia of respiratory epithelium and epididymis was distinctly stained.	Cilia
TTLL5	Cytoplasmic expression in several tissues, including cilia and endothelial cells.,Endothelial cells and lung alveolar cells were strongly stained. Myocytes, basal cells of squamous epithelium, renal tubules, hepatocytes, decidual cells, cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelium showed moderate cytoplasmic staining with additional membranous positivity in few cases. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
TTLL6	Expression in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube.,Strong staining of apical membrane was observed in ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube. All other cell types were negative.	Cilia
TUBB	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB1	Most epithelia showed moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity, often accompanied with membranous staining or positivity of cilia. Cells of the CNS and lymphoid tissues were in general negative.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB2A	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB2B	Cytoplasmic expression in most tissues, most abundant in ciliated cells and peripheral nerves. ,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB3	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB4A	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB4B	A majority of normal cells displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining combined with additional membranous positivity in a few cases. Peripheral nerves and cilia of fallopian tube, endometrium and nasopharynx displayed distinct positivity. Cells of kidney, liver, muscles, and endometrial stroma were negative.,Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB6	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB8	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBB8P12	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Epididymis and parts of gastrointestinal tract, neuropil, neuronal cells in hippocampus and cells in seminiferous ducts showed weak to moderate staining. Other normal tissues were mainly negative.	Cilia
TUBGCP2	Localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TUBGCP4	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TUBGCP5	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TULP4	Most normal tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining. Cilia showed distinct staining. Squamous epithelia and lymphoid tissues were mainly weakly stained. Glial cells in CNS were negative.	Cilia
TWSG1	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TXLNA	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
TYSND1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the cytosol.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UACA	The small intestine was strongly stained while moderate cytoplasmic positivity was observed in ciliated cells, gastric glands, gall bladder, endocrine cells and Leydig cells. Seminiferous duct cells and a subset of neuronal cells showed moderate nuclear positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
UBA3	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane & cytosol. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UBE2Q1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UBL3	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UBR4	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UBXN11	Most normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and respiratory epithelial cells as well as cells in exocrine pancreas and parts of the cells in duodenum were strongly stained. Lymphoid tissues and cells in CNS were generally negative.	Cilia
UBXN2A	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UGP2	Mainly localized to the mitochondria & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UHRF1	Nuclear positivity of varying intensity was observed in most normal cells. Thymus displayed strong nuclear staining. Additional cytoplasmic and cilia staining was observed in a few tissues. CNS was negative.	Cilia
UNC119B	Mainly expressed in fallopian tube and respiratory cilia, renal tubules and in spermatids.,Cilia in respiratory epithelial cells, endometrium and fallopian tube showed strong staining. Additional moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in e.g. kidney, testis and gastrointestinal tract.	Cilia
UNC5CL	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
UNC79	centrosome	Centrosome
USF3	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & nucleoli. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
USHBP1	Distinct staining in erythrocytes, a subset of hematopoietic cells and cilium of respiratory epithelial cells and fallopian tube. Gall bladder, the intestines, renal tubules, endothelial cells, a fraction of neuronal cells and glial cells showed moderate cytoplasmic and/or membranous staining. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilium
USP37	centrosome	Centrosome
USP38	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
VCPIP1	Mainly localized to the plasma membrane. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
VGF	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in subset of neuronal cells, neuronal processes and pituitary gland. Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in adrenal medulla, ciliated cells in fallopian tube, endometrial glands and respiratory epithelia and in subsets of cells in seminiferous ducts. Remaining tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
VILL	Cilia in respiratory epithelia and microvili in the intestinal tract as well as luminal membranes in gall bladder and gastric mucosa displayed strong immunoreactivity. Moderate positivity was observed in membranes of urothelial cells and cytoplasm in subsets of skeletal muscle cells were moderately stained. Remaining normal cells were negative.	Cilia
VPS13C	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Duodenum, gallbladder, thyroid, ovarian follicle and decidual cells displayed strong positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Islets of Langerhans, Purkinje cells, glial cells and the lymphoid tissues were negative.	Cilia
VPS25	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
VPS37A	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
VWA3B	Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube along with parts of the intestine showed distinct membranous immunoreactivity. The adrenal gland, breast and Purkinje cells displayed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Skin showed moderate nucleolar positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
WASHC5	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and nuclear/nucleolar staining. Neuronal cells, hematopoietic cells, cardiac myocytes, leydig cells and breast showed strong staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube were distinctly stained.	Cilia
WBP2NL	Strong cytoplasmic positivity was observed in spermatozoa in testis. Ciliated cells in bronchus showed moderate membranous positivity. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
WDR53	Subset of cells in seminiferous ducts showed strong nuclear staining. Most glandular cells displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. Cilia positivity was observed in endometrium, fallopian tube, respiratory epithelia and ependyma. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
WDR83	Mainly localized to vesicles. In addition localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
WFDC2	Ciliated cells, salivary gland, glandular cells in male and female genitalia showed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity. The thyroid gland, subsets of cells in the intestine and kidney displayed moderate positivity. Remaining normal tissues were in general negative.	Cilia
WNT11	Mainly localized to the cytosol. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
WSCD1	Moderate cytoplasmic staining was observed in the gastrointestinal tract, ciliated cells, distal renal tubules, prostate and testis. Alveolar macrophages and subsets of cells in bone marrow showed strong immunoreactivity. Remaining normal tissues were in general weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
WWC2	Normal tissues displayed moderate to strong cytoplasmic staining. Membranous positivity was observed in ciliated cells, gall bladder, salivary gland, prostate, small intestine and uterus. Purkinje cells, glial cells, islets of Langerhans, parathyroid and salivary gland were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
WWTR1	Most normal tissue cells showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity with additional nuclear positivity in a few cases. Cilia were distinctly stained in airway epithelium, epididymis and fallopian tube.	Cilia
YY1AP1	Ciliated cells of bronchus and fallopian tube were strongly stained. Strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining was displayed in renal tubules, peripheral nerve, endothelial cells and subset of Purkinje cells. Lymphoid tissues, mesenchymal cells and squamous epithelial cells were mostly negative. Remaining normal cells showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and often membranous positivity.	Cilia
ZBBX	Selective expression in subset of cells in seminiferous ducts and cilia of fallopian tube and bronchus.,Subset of cells in salivary gland showed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Cilia was moderately stained.  Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.,Ciliated cells of fallopian tube displayed strong positivity while bronchus was moderately stained. Moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was exhibited in stomach.  Remaining normal tissues were mostly negative.	Cilia
ZBED1	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the nuclear membrane & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZBTB17	Normal tissues generally showed moderate nuclear staining, accompanied weak cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia were distinctly stained. Cells of the CNS were in general weakly stained.	Cilia
ZBTB24	Exocrine pancreas were strongly stained. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, smooth muscle and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or generally negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome & cytokinetic bridge.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome<br>Exocrine pancreas were strongly stained. Ciliated cells of respiratory epithelia, smooth muscle and fallopian tube were moderately stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or generally negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome & cytokinetic bridge.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
ZBTB41	Most of the normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear immunoreactivity. Squamous epithelia, ciliated cells, placenta and prostate were strongly stained. Ovaries and lymphoid cells were negative.	Cilia
ZC3H6	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and occasional membranous staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was strongly stained. Squamous epithelium of esophagus, gallbladder, adrenal, renal tubules, cells in seminiferous ducts and peripheral nerve showed strong cytoplasmic positivity.	Cilia
ZC4H2	Normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Smooth muscle displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Cilia in respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube was distinctly stained. Liver, lung, kidney, islets of Langerhans, trophoblastic cells, prostate, glial cells, hematopoietic cells and non-germinal center cells were negative.	Cilia
ZCCHC10	Most of the normal tissues displayed moderate nuclear positivity. Bone marrow poietic cells and rectum showed strong staining. Ciliated cells showed additional distinct membrane staining. Alveoli, liver, thyroid, adrenal cortex, endometrial glands, breast, seminal vesicle, prostate, glial cells and cells in spleenic white pulp were negative.	Cilia
ZDHHC18	The majority of normal tissues showed moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity. Cilia in respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes were distinctly stained. Lymphoid tissues, liver, lung, islets of Langerhans, hematopoietic cells, glial cells and skeletal muscles were negative.	Cilia
ZDHHC2	Intestinal goblet cells, islets of Langerhans and the prostate displayed strong cytoplasmic staining. Hematopoietic cells, renal tubules, exocrine pancreas, skeletal muscle and urothelium were moderately stained. Respiratory epithelium showed positivity in cilia. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ZFAND1	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZFP2	Ciliated cells showed strong cytoplasmic and membranous staining. Paneth cells, a subset of cells in renal glomeruli, spermatozoa and uterine glands were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were negative.	Cilia
ZFP90	Localized to the plasma membrane, centrosome & vesicles.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF112	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF12	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF121	Salivary gland and cells in seminiferus ducts of testis showed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube were positive. Moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in stomach, adrenal gland and endocervical glands. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.,centrosome,centrosome<br>Salivary gland and cells in seminiferus ducts of testis showed strong cytoplasmic and nuclear positivity. Ciliated cells in fallopian tube were positive. Moderate cytoplasmic immunoreactivity was observed in stomach, adrenal gland and endocervical glands. Remaining normal cells were weakly stained or negative.<br>Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & centrosome. In addition localized to the nucleoli.,centrosome,centrosome	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Centrosome<br>Centrosome
ZNF14	centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF239	Respiratory epithelia and fallopian tube displayed strong staining in cilia. Skeletal muscle showed moderate cytoplasmic staining. Strong cytoplasmic staining was exhibited by myoepithelial cells in a subset of glandular cells of breast. Remaining normal tissues were generally negative.	Cilia
ZNF274	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF280D	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm & cytosol. In addition localized to the Golgi apparatus & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF296	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF311	Expression in processes in CNS, flagella in testis and cilia in respiratory epithelia.<br>Expression in processes in CNS, flagella in testis and cilia in respiratory epithelia.<br>Expression in processes in CNS, flagella in testis and cilia in respiratory epithelia.<br>Expression in processes in CNS, flagella in testis and cilia in respiratory epithelia.	Cilia<br>Cilia<br>Flagella<br>Flagella
ZNF322	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF407	Most normal tissues displayed moderate nuclear and cytoplasmic positivity. Strong staining was observed in respiratory epithelia, ciliated cells in fallopian tube, thyroid, adrenal cortex, megakaryocytes and squamous epithelium.	Cilia
ZNF512B	Normal cells generally showed a moderate cytoplasmic staining which was combined with nuclear positivity in several cells. Strong positivity was observed in ciliated cells, urothelium, renal glomeruli and parts of the intestine.	Cilia
ZNF519	centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF616	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF620	Localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF658	Moderate to strong cytoplasmic positivity was displayed in respiratory epithelia, squamous epithelia, intestinal glands, exocrine pancreas, renal tubules, germinal center cells, smooth muscle cells, cells in seminiferus ducts of testis along with basal cells of prostate and urinary bladder. Ciliated cells of fallopian tube were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues were weakly stained or negative.	Cilia
ZNF665	Most normal tissues displayed weak to moderate cytoplasmic and/or nuclear positivity. Ciliated cells in respiratory epithelia were strongly stained. Renal tubules gastric parietal cells showed strong cytoplasmic staining. Hepatocytes showed additional positivity in nuclear membranes. Endometrial stromal and hematopoietic cells were negative.	Cilia
ZNF677	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF727	Majority of the normal tissue showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Neuropil in cerebral cortex exhibited strong positivity. Cardiac myocytes displayed strong membranous and cytoplasmic staining while renal tubules showed moderate positivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and bronchus displayed distinct staining.	Cilia
ZNF736	Majority of the normal tissue showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining. Neuropil in cerebral cortex exhibited strong positivity. Cardiac myocytes displayed strong membranous and cytoplasmic staining while renal tubules showed moderate positivity. Cilia in fallopian tube and bronchus displayed distinct staining.	Cilia
ZNF747	Localized to the cytosol & centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF766	Mainly localized to the centrosome.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF780A	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNF780B	Mainly localized to the nucleoplasm. In addition localized to the centrosome.Caution: Based on antibodies targeting proteins from multiple genes.,centrosome,centrosome,centrosome	Centrosome
ZNRF1	Most normal tissues showed moderate cytoplasmic positivity. Ciliated cells and gall bladder displayed strong immunoreactivity.	Cilia
ZRANB1	Renal tubules and megakaryocytes in bone marrow displayed strong cytoplasmic immunoreactivity while the intestine, trophoblasts and cilia in e.g. respiratory epithelium and fallopian tubes showed distinct membranous staining. Moderate staining was observed in hepatocytes, decidual cells and smooth muscle. Remaining normal tissues showed weak cytoplasmic positivity or were negative.	Cilia
ZW10	Strong cytoplasmic staining was observed in small intestine, exocrine pancreas, hepatocytes and in Leydig cells. Cilia of fallopian tube and bronchus were strongly stained. Remaining normal tissues showed weak to moderate cytoplasmic staining.	Cilia
